
[0:00] to the same. I tagged you yesterday in one of my conference actually. What was it? It was multicloud uh you know AI uh Oracle uh 2026 conference which happens 
[0:30] twice twice in a year and it was in Hyderabad. So I came today just uh you know an hour before. So even if I left Oracle but you know people are in touch base with me and I'm a core volunteer for that actually. Oh great great that's why so nice. So there was a doubt session few of the folks utilized that opportunity and I 
[1:02] couldn't see everyone but uh okay let's see and I got to know that gro uh you know the latest version uh is on uh OCI okay and because of that it's the performance and all has you know um maybe they quoted I didn't use that but yes I definitely going to try I haven't logged in into OCI since months now 
[1:32] so I though I I said they probably gro they you know that has been hosted on probably on OCI that's what I got to 
[2:10] Good. So last session we finished with 
[2:41] this tool calling and lchain. Okay. So let me see if there are any questions in that lab. This was the second one which we were discussing. I'll just quickly revise this. Okay. Uh this went on till late part of the session. So maybe some of the folks had already dropped off but most of the things were discussed I think uh well within the class time 
[3:13] itself. link for the lab to open. 
[3:49] Yeah. So what we learned in this was uh how to create nodes, how to create edges. Nodes are these boxes, square boxes. There are two built-in nodes. One is to capture the conversation starter conversation starter and end is to end the entire conversation. So these are built-in. We are just importing them and we are adding some custom nodes and the connections between these nodes are done by edges. So add node, add edges. This is how you add the nodes. This is how you add the edges. Okay. So, uh you know 
[4:21] starting node sorry in the edges the starting node and the ending node name and while you uh add the node here itself you have to provide the name for the node which will be displayed and this is a Python function that you will bind uh against that particular node for execution. Right? So that's how the structure looks like. So what we initially saw was um the problem with the overwriting state. 
[4:52] Basically if there are more than one nodes and each node is updating the same state okay without the reducer it tends to override. So the solution was to introduce a reducer and the reducer that we are using is add messages. So now we had a different version of our agent state in which we are not simply using messages as a string. Okay, we are using messages as annotated list and I'm adding the uh reducer. So this reducer makes sure that the messages is a list 
[5:23] of lists. List of lists. So every conversation gets added to the original list as a list again. Okay. So one example uh now you can see after running that uh I'm printing the output and when the output was printed you can see the messages contained the first list here which is coming from the greeting sorry this is coming from your uh conversation starter hey I need some 
[5:56] help then the second step was added from greeting node and then the third step was added from the inquiry node Okay. And uh this is just to format and print all these. So I'm just extracting all these components from this entire output and just printing them using this for loop. Okay. So you can see I have been able to retain all the three messages back to back in the uh agent state. Now in this cyclical 
[6:26] chatbot basically the idea was uh you'll have a actual LM operating uh in one of these agents sorry nodes and let's call that node as a chatbot node I'm initializing my model we are reading the query from the learner or whatever user okay using the state messages okay so I'm just reading and then creating a system prompt invoking the model along with the system prompt and 
[6:56] the messages. So I'm just concatenating these two list because every message is a list you can say and then uh after the model is invoked I'm just appending the entire response of the model back to the agent state. Okay. So you can see the agent state goes as the input and it is formatting within that agent state. And then this is a router function. Okay. This will decide whether to continue the conversation or end the conversation. Okay. So if there is something called as 
[7:28] by it will return end. So it will go to the end loop otherwise it will continue to the chat. So yeah now this is the langraph node uh what we created here. You can see uh entry point is set at the chatboard. So this is my chatboard. So automatically the start is connected to the chatboard because of the entry point. And then we are adding a conditional edge. Okay. So conditional edges are technically not visible. Uh I had drawn that. So in that 
[7:58] conditional edge uh two things are happening. One is the chatbot. Okay. Uh the source node. So your chatbot source node is connected to the should continue that is it is continuing uh and uh so that is the basic function which decides the route. So this is the router function which we created above here. Okay. And then this is the one which is going to branch out. Okay. So chatbot is connected to the should continue. That's a deterministic step. But should continue is now 
[8:30] connecting to two branches. Okay. Draw this. So should continue. Now that has got two branches as I said one is continue chat 
[9:02] and the other end so that continue chat is further connected to chatbot. So that is connected back to the chatbot. So here chatbot was connected to the should continue. That's what you said right? chatbot is connected to should continue and that continue chat is connected back to the chatbot. Okay. Whereas end is connected to the end. So the other is end which is connected to my node end. Okay. That will end the conversation. Right? So that is the thing. So this is the loop that we are having. So under what 
[9:33] condition it will continue the chat if it does not see by. If it sees by then it will end. And now you are compiling this and uh you know building. So that is what is also evident from the langraph here. Okay. Uh there is a comment. So it is correct to say that lang graph can be used for aentic and aentic workflows. Yes, you can use it for agent AI as well as aentic workflow. Yes. 
[10:07] So now this is a simple loop that is going to interact with our chatbot. So basically it is going to run this entire agent and this within a for loop that's what is technically happening. Okay. So what we created this entire chatbot app and if you see this chatbot app dot invoke. So this entire chatbot itself is invoked within the y loop and that is going to run perpetually until the user input says exit. Okay. So that is what is happening and uh the response contains the full 
[10:38] conversation history. So every time it gets appended I'm reading the last AI response and based on the last AI response uh the conversation continues anyway. Okay. So I'm just also printing the AI response. You can see every time I'm just printing the AI response. Fine. And I'm checking the condition on the user in uh user input. So if the user says exit then it will break this while loop. It will no longer continue the 
[11:08] conversation. Okay. Now why is this part important? I mean that this is a you know jugar that I have done basically. So user input is basically what the user is asking the model to do or anything right and I'm just appending this at the end say by. So this is like a soft instruction for the model to respond to the user input and at the end say by so if you see any of these outputs 
[11:38] okay uh at the end it says buy. Now why is this buy needed? This buy is needed so that uh my chatbot thinks that I have received a buy. If you see chatbot thinks that I have received a buy and so I should end the iteration of the uh I should end the iteration of the lang graph I mean this graph this graph ends okay but the entire graph itself is 
[12:09] perpetually executed so literally I'm not executing the continue chat because that will go in an infinite loop okay uh rather I'm executing the entire chatbot itself in the infinite loop. Okay, which is what the white rule not a good way but we'll refine this method uh a bit you know in the next notebook. Okay, so this was a simple jugar to get rid of the infinite loop thing. If you just exit this part then the model will keep 
[12:40] iterating. Okay, that is a problem. The model will keep iterating. Okay, because it does not receive the response. So it doesn't know when to exit and all because you have said that say bye at the end. So model will not say bye to itself. That is the problem. Model will not say bye to itself. So it will keep on continuing the chart and it will keep on going in that infinite loop. So that is what I have seen. So just to uh circumvent that scenario. Okay. I have just added this part. So this is just a small jugard which I fixed. Okay. So 
[13:11] that the model doesn't run in a infinite loop. Okay. So this is the first thing and then the so whatever the uh you know AI responds at the end it will say bye. So here you can see the model replies and at the end says a by then again the model replies at the end says by okay this is where the model responds and in fact says by. Okay so every time the model responds at the end says by so that this doesn't run in an infinite loop. That's the thing. 
[13:44] Fine. So, let's see if there are any questions. 
[16:03] Fine. All good. Then this is done. Just close this. Confused about the reducer functionality. This is actually appending the state. then white is called as reducer. Okay, there is this is actually nomenclature is coming from map reduce. If you're confused about the name, nothing can be done. Just understand the functionality. Okay. 
[16:33] So I have not given the names but uh I can give you more technical explanation but that still would be useless. Okay. Uh because this much context is sufficient. If still there is a confusion maybe let's not get into too much technical details that's not going to be very helpful. So understand the overall functionality that the reducer is helping to add all the subsequent outputs of the nodes 
[17:03] append it to the main state. This is the only oneline uh you know functionality that you have to understand and explain if asked. Okay, that is the only purpose nothing more. So how technically it is doing behind the scenes, why is it called as reducer and all? No, we'll not get into all that discussion. Okay, neither it is needed friendly. Okay. Uh now again this is a follow-up tutorial. So here we are going to see how to do conditional routing in much 
[17:34] more detail and this will build the foundation of the chatbot that we are going to build the agentic rag chatbot. Okay. So I'll follow up on this. So let's go ahead. I'll just share the notebook here. 
[18:38] So in this we are going to build a common and powerful type of agent which is a customer support query router. So we are going to build three specialized agents. one for billing, one for handling technical support and one for handling general inquiries. Uh which will simulate like a real world help desk system. Okay. Again, you'll have to start with the installations of Langraph, Lang Chain, OpenAI, importing the 
[19:09] OpenAI keys. 
[19:43] Okay. Um H. So this is our openi key that we are importing and adding. Now again this is the agent which will track all the information flowing through our graph and uh this is again a type dick that we 
[20:14] have explained and again this is a simple one. So you don't see the reducer here as of now. We'll be adding that subsequently later. Okay. So this will capture the user query and this will update the department um that the router will decide for. Okay. So initially the department and query will be empty strings and uh as the you know router works the router is going to update the department. So when the langraph starts it will first populate the query. This 
[20:45] is the again you can think these two as as your global variables okay available in your support state. So query will be instantly available the moment you execute okay because that will capture the user query actually and department will be empty initially but the moment the router function works okay it will route it to one of the nodes and that node will update the value of the department that's what we'll see fine okay so these are the destination nodes 
[21:16] so I'm going to create a billing node a technical support node and an inquiry node and these are the functions which are going to be attached attached to those nodes. Okay. Now see as of now uh these nodes are not returning anything essentially which means they are not updating the state. They're simply going to print. Let me repeat these three nodes are going to not make any changes to the support state. It's I think clearly 
[21:46] written. It takes the state and can return an update but right now it is not returning anything. It doesn't modify the state further in this simple example first. Okay. So it is it is reading uh you can see 
[22:47] H. So these nodes that we are going to create now okay they are just going to print that okay uh the control has entered that particular node. So welcome to the billing department or welcome to the technical support. So these are like information or informative messages. Okay, that will only indicate that the control has reached the respective department simply. So, and now this is the routing function 
[23:17] the actual decision maker. Okay. So, again here, so this is a pyantic model which helps the LLM structure its output. So, I'm defining a kind of a pyantic schema. Okay. So, this is the route the user query to the correct department. The department name has to be a string. So that is the field and this is the description. Okay. And this has to be one of these three either billing or technical 
[23:47] support or general query. So this is like emulating your enum in your uh open AI agent builder kit. Okay, your enum enumerated. So enum is your enumerated field in which you will be selecting one of these three values and these one of and any of these three values are actually a string. So ultimately whatever value gets selected that will be appended to your or that will be updated to your department field. Okay, department is 
[24:18] the name of the field and this is the entire description. So the department field will have a value which is a string and that string will be one of these three. That's what we are simply saying. Okay. So this way I'm enforcing the router to update only one of these three. It cannot update any other imaginary field name or anything which it can you know come up with creatively. Okay. So you can set up your model. Uh right now let's make it GPT5 mini. Okay. So let me change it to GPT5 mini. Uh 
[24:51] then in that case I don't need the temperature also. Okay. I'll just get rid of the temperature. So this is my model and uh I'm forcing the model to give a structured output. That is what so in this case the model's output will not be a normal string. It will be a string which is following this JSON schema. This is not a JSON schema but a pyantic schema. I would say that's the correct way. Okay. So you're forcing 
[25:22] That's exactly what it is. So this is like a output parser. Okay. Whatever the string or JSON output the model is giving the model is giving so many outputs you can see. Okay. So all of that gets formatted into the response which is given by the schema. Okay you are passing that schema here and what you have is the structured LLM now. So normal LLM and that normal LLM bound to a particular schema for output 
[25:54] is your structured LLM. Now you create a prompt template. Uh system prompt is simply you are an expert in routing customer support queries based on a user question. Route it to the right department and it has to be one of these three. Okay. Fine. And then the human query comes in. Fine. So that is a simple router prompt with a human and the system message. I'm going to join the prompt with the structured llm. So this is like uh prompt chaining okay 
[26:26] to the model simple lang chain okay and that chaining is done using that vertical pipe operator. So I have got my query router chain. Now finally that query router chain will be invoked. Okay. uh but that invoking will happen within a node. Okay. So when the control reeves uh you know reaches that particular node so which node is going to execute you can say I'll I will create a node by this name called as query router node. Okay. 
[26:57] And that node will actually invoke that particular chain with some user query. Okay. Now that user query will be fetched from where from the agent state. So first I'm importing the agent state. It is fetching the query from the agent state and using that query to populate the prompt template. Once the prompt template has been populated, it will be given to your structured LLM for invoking. So this will be your complete uh response from the model which will be following the structured schema that we 
[27:29] have shared. Okay. And from that route I will extract the field name called as department because I have clearly mentioned in my uh schema that there should be a field called as department. So I'm extracting that value. So route dot department. This could be simple response also. So response dot department also you can say. Okay. And that value will be a string which will be updated in the department field of your schema uh sorry 
[28:00] state. Okay. So this is the schema and this is the state. So do get confused. Okay. This is dot department is coming from the pyantic schema. This is your pyantic schema. So that has the name department. So whatever the name you are uh providing here let's say query department. So then here it should be route dotquery department whereas this department is coming from the state agent state. This is where it is getting updated. 
[28:30] Okay. So remember that don't get confused. You might be thinking why is the department department two times. Okay. So this is the complete response from the response because it is going to be a structured LLM response. It will have a field called as department in the response. I'm just extracting that department value from the response and that value of the department response is going to be one of these three billing support or technical. Yeah sorry billing support. Yeah, this one it will be one 
[29:00] of these three values and one of those three values will ultimately be updated in the agent state which has also a department named key. Okay, so that is what is happening in this code. Now let's build a graph here. You are adding nodes. You are adding a node for router. You are adding billing node, technical support node, general enquiry node. So four nodes are being added. One is a router node, one is the billing, one is the technical and one is 
[29:30] the general query. So I'm just adding the nodes here. I'm adding the conversation starter to the router directly. So router will directly capture the user query. Okay, that's what is happening. And now I'm going to connect all these nodes. Okay, I'm going to connect all these nodes. So, 
[30:01] so here you are saying that okay uh you have already added one node that is uh sorry you have already added one edge. So there is one connection which has already added here from starting to router. Now router will be connected okay to each of the three okay based on uh what this lambda function is returning okay so what you are returning so what is x here 
[30:32] what is x so it's a map basically so what is x where is this x coming from x department so x is a state ultimately. Okay, that's your agent state. You are reading the department value. You are reading the department value. Okay, so based on the department value in your agent state, okay, the connection of the router will happen to billing or technical support or general 
[31:02] inquiry. That is what exactly this function is doing. Okay. So here this is kind of a uh lambda function is uh your routing function uh mimicking that. So yeah same thing. Okay. Uh and finally all of these three will be connected to the end. So let me 
[31:34] execute this. Uh billing node is not defined. Aa I did not execute. Fine. So now you can start compiling this. Okay. So conversation is captured by start that directly goes to the router. router will decide one of these three. Okay. So this is the name of the node. 
[32:08] Okay. And these three nodes are going to be three different agents in the next project as of now. So these are dummy nodes. As of now these are dummy nodes as we have seen. These are just dummy nodes. They are not doing anything. They're not returning anything as you see. Okay. They are neither doing anything. They're just printing. Okay. So these are currently dummy nodes. But these dummy nodes will actually become three different agents in the next nodework. Rest all structure is going to remain the same. 
[32:39] Okay. And when any of these three will get triggered, the conversation will end. Okay. So that's what is a deterministic node uh edge sorry. So all the deterministic edges are in solid lines and conditional edges. Conditional edge means those workflow or those part of the workflow may execute may not execute that is the conditional edge. Okay. So anything that you see in dotted lines these are conditional edges. 
[33:10] Anything in solid line that is a deterministic edge. So that is going to happen. So you see these are solid lines which means if any of these three get triggered the conversation has to end. So we know that for sure. Okay. So yeah, so let's run this. So I have my entire app. Uh if you see you have compiled that app. Okay. So once you have compiled that app, all you have to do is just invoke. Okay. And uh your billing 
[33:40] query. This is the query field. So I can't find my last invoice and I think my credit card was charged twice. Okay. So there are two things in this one is overcharging and one is billing. So let's see what it thinks. Okay. So when I invoke this uh overall app using this billing query let's see what happens. So test case one 
[34:13] that is the print that I'm giving from here. Classifying query that is again coming from your execution. Okay, router decision goes as billing. Now this billing is coming from your model. Remember that this billing is actually coming from your model routing billing to. So where is this coming? This is coming from your router. Okay. Uh sorry this is coming from your router and this is coming from your uh if you see here the three nodes that we created 
[34:46] correct routing to billing. You can see routing to billing then welcome to the billing department. That's exactly what we see here. Okay. Routing to billing. Welcome to the billing department. Fine. You can just check this. So similarly I've got another query here and you see the output finally. Uh okay. Sorry I have to execute this. 
[35:23] Yeah. So that is the reason it is taking time because actual API call is being made. Okay. And so this is the final output query and the department is billing. So this is the final agent state. Output is your final agent state. Remember this is your this is your final agent. Wait. 
[35:57] Okay. Now another test case. I'm getting 500 internal server error when I try to login. So that seems to be technical. And if you want to see the output once again the final agent state would have changed of course because each time you invoke that's the statement which I gave yesterday also. So each time you invoke the entire graph all the previous states are refreshed. Okay. So the query is refreshed with the new query. The department is refreshed 
[36:29] with the new department. Okay. So I have to execute this. Was it still building? Should have been technical. Oh, sorry. Here the output is uh I did not save the output. Sorry, that's the reason. Let me redo the output. I was not saving the output. So that part was missing. Yeah. So this has got updated. So which 
[37:03] which has got refreshed uh due to app dot invoke method. Okay. So every time you do the app do invoke or the entire agent is called once again the entire agent state will refresh. All the fields will get refreshed to the to capture the new query and all the fields will also get accordingly refreshed. You can check the remaining. 
[37:34] So what are your business hours on weekends? So again this is your general query. Okay. So let's see the conclusion. Defining specialized nodes for different task. Routing function has worked and we also have seen how to add the condition. So this is the part which can be a bit tricky. Okay. This also I had to figure out the right way. But that's okay. uh for these parts you can actually take help of any of these LLMs now okay so they will be able to give you the conditional edge so you just have to define what exactly you want to 
[38:07] the model and they will give you a code to build so for example let's say you want a similar thing okay so maybe you can I'm just trying it completely impromptu okay so let's say this is what you want to make okay let's go to any any gemin name or chart JPD. Okay. And just paste this. Okay. So, give me a line graph code to reproduce this 
[38:39] graph. So, it should not be difficult these days. Okay. So, you might get even a simpler version also. Quite possible. I haven't tried that but only problem is these names will be different which we have initially used something else okay because it does not know what to name so here uh my agent state has been named as uh agent state I sorry support state that is a name typed it you can see but 
[39:11] the code is giving you a different name called as graph state which is fine which has the intent user query and a response fine okay and then you have a function called as router node I also have a function called as router node. Okay. So query router node and then it is returning and then billing general and technical. So three nodes are also there. I also have those three nodes. I also have those three nodes. Fine. And then define 
[39:42] a conditional routing logic. So this is your routing function. So what is the name of the routing function? Route decision. So here my function is this called as router query router node. Okay. So this is the function. Okay. Which will return and then this is your builder. So here also router to router node, billing to billing node, general query to general query node, technical support to technical. So you see this part is exactly the same. So now I'm building the graph. You can see this part is same. This is also the 
[40:14] same. This is the same. So those five lines of code are exactly same. Okay. Now you are adding a edge from start to the router. We also have added start to the router. Okay. See and then you have a conditional uh logic. So from router to router decision this part is also same. You see from router to router decision. Okay. Now this part is slightly different depends on the implementation. If you find this is more you know easy to comprehend you can use this because this is the logic probably I have used in the next 
[40:47] uh notebook. So I haven't used the lambda function in the next notebook. I have actually used exactly the same logic. Okay maybe I can just jump onto that part. Okay I'll show you that. So you see this works and then you add the other three nodes. Here also I'm adding the other three nodes. Okay. And finally I'll compile. You also have compile. Okay. And then finally you just have to execute. Now this is just to visualize. I also have that same code for visualization. See completely impromptu. And 90% of the 
[41:18] code is exactly same. So what I'm trying to say is you have to know what you want and if you can get some idea about uh or if you can give the model some idea of what you want you would be able to reproduce most of the code exactly with the right functionality. So as a developer or as a decision maker you have to understand what is the kind of you know solution that you are developing. So for what kind of scenario? Okay. So if you think that 
[41:49] this is the kind of framework which you will need I'll be having so many projects just get that particular uh graph component and give it to geminy or charge GPT say that I want to implement this in langraph. You don't have to even start from scratch you see and still it gives you everything although I mean this notebook I had prepared one and a half years ago but still very much it works. Okay. Now the names exact names will be slightly different because again it cannot deduce those names from 
[42:20] here. Problem is it it cannot deduce the names from here but it was able to deduce the functionality. So I hope that is clear. Okay let me see there are questions. Uh why don't you change the name of the variables that you can do Santos once you have understood you can customize the code okay um provin is asking are you assigning query to state like 
[42:52] departments assigning query to state yes my state has got two fields that's what I mentioned my state has got two fields one is query and one is the department so this is the agent state which has got two fields so here the query will be updated the moment it the conversation starts And here the department will be updated based on the router's decision. Uh where is LLM model settings in your generally generated code? 
[43:24] LLM model settings. It doesn't know what model I'm going to use. Okay. So or how the router logic is to be used. So you see this is simply pass. This is simple pass. It has not done that router. No. uh uh logic. So this is where you would put it. So now you can go back and say that I want to use a llm which will read the so so let's do if you want to do that okay 
[43:55] in the above router node function. Okay I will be using an llm. Okay, I'll be reading the query from the agent stage and then use an L lm to 
[44:25] classify the uh department based on the query and then Finally update the uh department field. Say department field the agent state. Okay. Uh help me with the code. Right. So you have to tell exactly what 
[44:57] you want. So yeah so that's what structured output this is for structured output same thing and now it will bind that super it is binding that correct so you need see once you know exactly what you want most of the you know codes will automatically 
[45:29] fall through so I'm not just giving you codes. I'm also teaching you how to generate these kind of codes from scratch. Is that really helpful? Yes. So once you know exactly what is happening, that is the learning you should take from this overall exercise or overall session. Okay. You should be able to generate these level of code using these models. Okay. Everything every time don't think that someone will spoon feed you. You have to learn fishing and 
[46:00] that's what we are doing here. You see? So this is your router sorry this is your uh schema that you are going to force on the model. How do you force it using the structured output? So you have passed that schema only that my schema name is slightly different. I think my schema name is route query base model. Here they have used um route response base model. Same thing. Okay. and department literal one of these three so more or less same thing 
[46:31] department and uh it's not literal but it will come from there only fine so now it is going to initialize your llm uh also you have passed the graph state you can see and uh there is a system prompt and uh this is your system prompt and the human prompt exactly the same way that I'm doing but in fact the kind of output here I'm getting is a better. So you see a much better system prompt. So maybe I'll update my code. 
[47:03] Uh where is my system prompt here? Okay. So this is the system prompt I have got from there anyway. So it depends. Okay. But uh you see so you update that system prompt into the system and the query in the human and that's what also we have done okay query in the human part and system prompt in the system part fantastic and 
[47:33] then next you are chaining your prompt template with the structured alm exactly your prompt with the structured llm see it is as if literally it has seen my code earlier and then you are reading the user query and passing it to the chain and invoking same thing only thing is that reading part I have done earlier. Okay, I think and I am passing it. So I'm reading the query and uh invoking simply see reading 
[48:04] and invoking and then updating return department result. Departmentep department exactly the same this is stored as result in my case this is stored as route. So route dot department okay that is the router decision and that route. department is stored within the department part of your agent state. Same thing is happening here. Okay. Result dot department is stored in the department of your agent state. So we update the department. So the conditional edge can see it. Now they have updated the uh function router function because now it's much more 
[48:36] clear to the model okay what exactly I want. So it has given me a updated version. And why is that needed? Because earlier it did not have the department um in the agent state. If you see the earlier agent state did not have that keyword department. Okay, it did not have the department. Now after my query came in that boss. Now you have to add that. So it has added the department to match the user request. So you must also update the uh routing function and then you can test it. Perfect. So that works. 
[49:10] Sus is asking why am I getting because you're not saving that output man. Okay. So unless you save it, the output will still remain the same. Okay, make sure that you save the output of the invoke. So this is missing in your code. This is missing in your code which is why you are getting the same. Okay, so make sure that you are saving that output. That output equal to was present only in the first call. It was only present in the first call. The other two 
[49:40] calls did not have output equal to. So output was not getting updated. So you are still printing the previous aent state output. Cool. So this is also done. Closed from my side. Okay. Let me know if there are any questions. Yeah. Just stopping a screen share. 
[50:14] So, does this work? All good. 
[50:45] Okay. Okay. So the next one uh we will take is this actual implementation of that agentic rag. Okay. So we created the skeleton and now that skeleton will turn 
[51:17] into a real project. Fine. So everything needed to execute in that project is there in this code. So I'll just share this So this is very much similar uh agent that we created uh using the drag and 
[51:49] drop interface everyone remember. So that functionality is being replicated. See so what is that we are doing in this project? will leverage the power of AI agents and rag to build a customer intelligent routing agent uh agentic rag system sorry to handle customer support queries using custom knowledge base okay that is the main takeaway so router and those things are going to be there and just like 
[52:20] previous uh we'll categorize the in query into one of these whether it is a billing or technical or general and we'll also categorize the sentiment ment of the query and based on the category and the sentiment we'll do the routing. If the sentiment is negative directly escalate it to human and if the sentiment is neutral or positive then based on the query category update it sorry uh forward it to one of these three agents. 
[52:51] Now these three agents are connected to a vector database. So it will retrive and respond based on the vector database information. Right? So it will not directly reply based on its you know LLM knowledge. It will actually fetch the knowledge or fetch the right context. It will fetch the right context from your knowledge base or vector database and based on that it will give the final response. So we are going to use the GPT 
[53:22] 5.2 model and that's what I have also updated in this. Okay. So although somewhere here you can see 4 mentioned but uh I'll use GPT 5.2 or we'll use GPT5 mini. Okay just to save some bugs but that's okay. So system will use this model to analyze the user query and determine the query category and the sentiment. So two 
[53:53] things are being determined okay back to back and based on the query category and sentiment uh the system will route to one of these four cases. So escalate to the human if the sentiment is negative. You don't even have to read whether it is billing response sorry billing query or technical query or general query. Okay. Immediately that is escalated for human resolution. And if it is positive what is positive? If the sentiment is positive or neutral then queries related to billing are generated 
[54:25] by the billing agent technical or the general. depending on each of these there is a knowledge base that we are going to do uh very much similar to what we did a couple of weeks ago okay and then there is escalation mechanism so negative triggers this I have already explained anyway so let's install um these are known names chroma because we are going to create a vector database so that also we'll need open AI key uh te is not needed you can delete this 
[54:56] code okay that is not needed after chroma It might ask you to restart the kernel. So don't forget to do that wherever or wherever or whenever it is asking to restart. There are few packages which will ask the collab to restart. So I normally suggest not to club this installation in the main. So any queries any questions in the chat in the meantime the installations are 
[55:27] going on. I can take 
[56:19] So do we need to use oops concepts for these kind of project because I see everything is in Python. Yes, oops will be needed because as you already see the codes do have classes somewhere. Okay. uh but this is just you know a simple implementation you don't need a very high level of oops okay but definitely some understanding of the oops will be 
[56:51] helpful I would say more than that understanding of what problem we are solving how we are solving why we are solving is more important because all these codes are anyway coming from these models I'm just going to connect them understand and I'm already giving you enough code base to give you the entire flow. So you can understand the overall flow and everything from here and get all those codes generated from the models. I prefer to use Germany because it doesn't give me complicated codes. Okay, if I 
[57:23] give the same query to uh let's say claude, okay, Claude is definitely not for beginners. I'm warning you. Okay, cloud is only for advanced coders. Okay, charge GPT is much much more helpful if you want to do creative writing. I don't trust uh charge GPT for coding exercises. It gives tends to give lot of deprecated codes. That is my observation. Okay. So I don't have a very good uh opinion 
[57:57] about the code quality coming from uh charge GPT but but but but but charge GPT is extremely good in explaining codes. So if you got the codes from somewhere upload the uh notebook to charge GPT and ask it to explain line by line. charge will do the best out of all these three. So code explanations can be done by charge very nicely. But if you ask it to 
[58:28] write down a code for you, uh I have reservations for that. Now these are my personal observations. I'm saying okay. So I've seen that the code quality coming from Germany is far better uh than GPT. The best code quality you will get it from cloud models. But again the cloud models will tend to over complicate over do overengineer uh your requirement. Your requirement was to you know 
[58:59] uh create a small code block it will literally create the entire project for you end to end. So it overdoers. So that's one problem with cloud. Okay. So somewhere in my uh claude system prompt I have even mentioned. So Claude is so you know eager to give Python codes that I have in my I'll show you mean this is something 
[59:31] in my system prompt I have even written this which is very funny. I'll show you in the settings you see here. So I have seen that Claude unnecessarily tries to give code every other time even without asking. 
[1:00:04] Okay. So and again So sometimes I want to avoid this. Okay. 
[1:00:45] Fine. So I think the installations are done. You can run this code that will download all the documents. So it will download this JSON file and just check it here. This JSON file. Okay. And again this is not needed. So don't run this. Okay. This is not needed unless you want to read that uh JSON file from your Google drive. Okay. So 
[1:01:16] fine. So this is how your JSON file is. It is a pair of question answer pairs. You can see question answer and in the metadata also there is a category mentioned technical or something like that. So what type of query it is that is also there. So I can help sorry I can use this I can use this 
[1:01:48] information. Okay. To make the data uh vector database search easier or faster I would say. Okay. So kind of metadata filtering we can do because my metadata already has the category. Okay. So we can do a metadata filtering instead of searching into 150 documents. The total number of documents is indeed actually in this case 150. So instead of searching into 150 documents, there are 50 documents for technical, 50 for billing, 50 for general. So my 
[1:02:19] search space gets you know uh limited. So I'm not searching all the 150 documents. I'm just searching for 50 documents because of the metadata filtering that I can implement. So that is the whole idea behind keeping the metadata information. So these are the last three entries. These were the first three entries and these are the last three entries. Okay, I'm going to add some uh so basically 
[1:02:51] now these are what these are uh normal list of dictionaries. It's a list of dictionaries. So now I have to do a proper document injection. So each of this dictionary that you see has to become a lenient document and that is what we are doing here. So I'm reading each document from that knowledge base. Currently a knowledge base is a list. So I'm iterating for all the documents within that list. So when you iterate each document is actually a dictionary from here to here it's a dictionary. Okay. And from that dictionary I am 
[1:03:23] pulling out the metadata and the text and creating a proper lchain document. Okay. Huh. 
[1:03:56] Okay. So, one by one you are reading each of these uh dictionaries and uh you are updating the metadata and the data part of the lang chain document and you are converting that into a langchain document and appending into your process documents. So ultimately your process documents will be a list of lang chain documents. Right now it is a list of dictionaries. Finally at the end it will become a list of lang documents. So that is the net outcome of this Python code. 
[1:04:30] Okay. What has happened here? No module namechain. Okay. What has happened? Excuse the error. What changed? We just had one version of this running. 
[1:05:46] Okay, we had used I remember now specific versions. So this is the same lab we had done into interact system. Okay. Okay. Let's see if this workound doesn't work then we'll go back and uh it has become lang correct let's see ah that worked so this is the 
[1:06:19] only change you have to make in your code I hope that works later on so if that is giving an error Okay, that works. H uh there is a query in the chat. Since there are multiple technical query document in your list, lchain will create multiple 
[1:06:50] line chain documents for technical. Yes. So not just for technical for all three. So you can now see that it is ultimately a list. You can see it's a list and list of what langchain documents. So the data type is a langchain document. Lchain document number one. Lchain document number two. Lchain document number three. So advantage with the lang chain document is you have a proper metadata. Now now this is the same metadata that will be needed by the vector database. Right? Now this metadata was just as a 
[1:07:21] field in your dictionary because the data type was a dictionary within a list right but now it is a proper lang chain document with metadata and the content. So the embeddings will be generated for the page content part. This contains the raw content. Okay, which will also undergo your uh uh chunking. Okay, so the chunking is done for the page content part. Now anyway, 
[1:07:53] this content part is small. So uh most likely each this is not going to get divided into further chunk. So each page content will become one chunk more or less. Okay. So let's create the vector database. Now I'm using the text embedding three small model. If there is a vector database already existing, you can remove it. 
[1:08:30] So yeah, these are the names which we already know. Name of the collection, name of the vector database. We are going to go with cosign similarity and yeah setting the vector database as retriever. We are going to retrieve the top three documents and some similarity score threshold I have given as 0.2. So if any of the three document that you have retrived has a similarity score lower than 0.2 that will not be used for response generation. Let me repeat this. 
[1:09:01] You are anyway retrieving the top three documents but let's say the third document that you have retrived has a score of similarity score of 0.15 which is lower than the threshold that document will not be given to the model for response generation. So I can do another level of filtering amongst the top retrieved documents. Okay. 
[1:09:35] So now let's uh test our retriever. Okay. This is like testing the retriever right away. So what is the refund policy and you are putting a metadata filter. That's what exactly I told you at the start. Okay. We are going to implement a metadata filter. So here the category is general. So where is this going to come later? This is going to come from the model. Right now I have not plugged in the model. The only model that I have here is the embedding model. Okay. The only model that I have here is the embedding model. Okay. My response 
[1:10:05] generation model my actual brain of the agent is not yet there. So that is going to come up later. So this metadata filter category general will be actually the output from the model. Right now I'm specifying it up front that I believe that this is a refund policy is basically a general query. Okay. So this is the input given to me sorry given by me. Now based on that metadata filter okay I'm asking the knowledgebased 
[1:10:37] search to be invoked with this user query. So what this does is it will not search all the 150 documents. Okay. Uh how do you know 150 documents? You can just see the code processed docs. See the length of the processed docs. 
[1:11:30] Okay. So even your knowledge base. So it's not 150. It's a smaller version which I'm using here. things there was a separate one but okay it's good to know that how many documents are there we should have it 
[1:12:01] yeah so total 30 we have okay no worries so we can make it uh you know better this is more like a smaller project because we didn't have to go for very extensive number of tokens because more knowledge base means more tokens also which is what I wanted to initially avoid Okay. Ah fine. So we have 30 documents essentially, right? So this works and uh category general. 
[1:12:32] Now is this working? Yes, this is working because I was able to retrive the top three documents based on the user query. So what is the user query? What is the refund policy? So the first document, what is the refund policy? Then what is your policy for handling damaged deliveries? Yes, also relevant. what is your shipping policy? So it still has the keywords like policy, policy. So pro probably from there it is making some similarity but this is also 
[1:13:02] having or talking about some policy. This is also talking about some policy and this is anyway a direct match and because of that you can also see the scores. So right now I'm not printing the scores but we can also print the scores. Okay. Now the problem is if you provide the filter which has the category name misspelled. So here it's still general but G is capital. Remember in your metadata 
[1:13:35] all the category names are small. Remember all the category names are small. So here the only problem is I have misspelled the category name. And if I do that because of the filter you are applying what is happening is your knowledge base thinks that there is another metadata uh sorry another set of documents with general capital General as the category 
[1:14:07] but we know that there is no capital General as the category in your set of documents. we have small G general as the category not capital and so nothing was retrieved. So this is the tricky part. So this means that when you are getting these category names generated from the model you have to enforce the model to exactly give the same name including the case. So case match has to be there and that unfortunately the case match cannot be 
[1:14:38] done using a pyantic schema. So you'll have to implement uh a second level of validation. Okay, let me repeat what I said. Pantic schema will do a type matching or type validation. If it is a string with a small or caps that cannot be you know enforced or that cannot be validated easily. So we'll need to implement a manual method to you know get 
[1:15:11] that done. I'll show you how it will be. Okay. So another example here. This is completely a wrong uh category name. So this is the problem. If you use some cheap open-source model which is giving you a wrong category name you may not even retrieve anything. So the whole point of implementing the metadata filter is I don't want to search into thousands of documents. I I 
[1:15:41] I want to only search into relevant set of documents. So that narrowing down is being implemented using the metadata filter. Okay. and the filter values are populated by a model that will be populated by the model. So if the model is populating a wrong category name then that's where again the failure mode is present. Okay. So you have to make sure that you are using a decent model so that model does not hallucinate the category name. Okay. So 
[1:16:13] a decent model means a decent reasoning thinking model. Fine. So that might even lead to think that there is no relevant information but that is wrong. That is wrong. So there is relevant information. We know it right. But just because the metadata filter was not being returned properly. Okay. Uh we are not able to retrive any relevant set of documents. Fine. 
[1:16:43] Okay. Now define a customer inquiry state. So this is my final state agent state you can say. This is my final agent state which has customer query, category, sentiment and the final response of the model. Okay. So all four things added and all four are going to be strings. Okay. And your query category uh this is the uh pyantic schema you can say which you are going to force to the structured output for the model. So model will select one of these three values. Similarly, this is 
[1:17:14] the pyantic schema which you are going to use for sentiment analysis. Okay. So, model will select one of these three. Now, we are going to create all these node functions one by one. Uh you can use this model chart GPT 40 mini. Okay, don't change. Let's use the same doesn't matter. So, but uh you want to be deterministic and grounded. So, make sure the temperature is set to zero. Okay. So now this is the function which is going to be used by your 
[1:17:46] node. Which node? The node which is going to categorize the enquiry. So this is a function which will go into the query categorization node. Remember that. 
[1:20:01] Okay, sorry. So this block which we initially planned. So what is the so just assume that this is one of the nodes. So what is the node function going to execute within this block? And that is what I'm showing you now. So this is the node function. Okay. Uh so it is first reading the query from the state. Fine. 
[1:20:34] And now I'm creating a prompt. This prompt says that act as a customer support agent trying to best categorize the customer query. Um I've given some more idea about that. And your job is to categorize into one of these three. Technical query means what? General query means what? Billing queries means what? So it's a good idea to give more context about the kind of queries based on your use case and what the company does 
[1:21:09] and then finally you also share the customer query as a variable. So you will need some sort of uh way to pass the customer query into this prompt template. So this is your entire string. Okay. And uh dot format you can use to pass the customer query into that prompt template or you can use the f strings also that is also fine. So dot format is a method by which you can actually update the value of the variable. In this case the only variable 
[1:21:40] is your customer query. Right? So you have used a customer query and your customer query is being read from the agent state. So you are passing that query into the prompt template using this dot format. So that becomes your prompt including your customer query. Now that prompt including the customer query is given to the model. Okay. For the final response generation. Okay. But this model is also constrained using that structured output 
[1:22:10] pentic schema. Okay. So this pyic schema has a clear thing that okay it has to be one of these three values. Okay literal means the model will be forced to pick one of those three. So whatever topic it is picking it will update in the route category dot categorize topic. How does it know that I have to use a categorized topic as a field name that is again coming from your pentic schema here. So categorize topic is the field name that it is going to update in the response. 
[1:22:43] So what is the response called? Response is called as route category. In that response there will be a field by the name as categorized topic and that is coming from your query category schema. So this is clearly mentioned within that schema. Right? So once you get the query category I'm also updating the agent state. So this is where the agent state is getting updated. Okay. So let's run this. And now a actual API call is being made. Okay, remember this is the first 
[1:23:14] time a API call will be made here. Okay, so this is coming from your model actually. So model is predicting that this question relates to a technical query. Model is saying that this question relates to a general query. Okay. Now model says that this is related to a billing query. Perfect. So works. Now very similarly this is the node function going to be used in the sentiment analysis node. 
[1:23:47] Okay. So again I'm reading the customer query from your agent state. Again a similar sentiment category prompt. So I'm asking the model to read the customer query below. Analyze the sentiment. And you have to choose one of these three. So here there although there is a clear instruction okay just return the sentiment one of the above but still the model may hallucinate and try to give you some additional header and footer here is the sentiment for the user query or something like that or as 
[1:24:17] per my understanding this is the uh sentiment for the given customer query so I don't want any of those uh you know additional text okay so some cheap models may still hallucinate those additional text they may not be able to follow the instructions properly. Okay. So that is the reason you have to enforce a pyantic schema once again. So here the pyantic schema that I am enforcing for the model to give a structured output is this query sentiment which has a field name 
[1:24:48] called a sentiment. We have seen has got a field name here called a sentiment. So this is the field name sentiment which will be updated. Okay. Now let's check if this node function is working. So you see the steps here. I'm not directly building the graph. Building the graph is the end part. You have to test each and every granular component. So first you have to plan 
[1:25:19] your graph on the sketch of paper. Plan the graph means you have to write down in your sketch of paper okay paper sketch that these are the nodes which I'm going to build these are the edges these are the connections and then for each of those nodes that you are planning okay you have to create a node function so what I have right now tested is the node function that I'm going to use in those nodes so you have to first create the node function test that these 
[1:25:50] node functions are working exactly as expected and then you join the node function or you know you combine the node function with the actual node. Okay. So now there are three more node functions. Which three? Because now if I go back to the plan here, this is my plan. Okay. So there I'll need three more node functions. One for uh this. 
[1:26:20] Okay. one for this, one for this and one for this. Okay, so again at these three places I'm going to use uh models okay for the response generation. So here also I'm going to ultimately these are what agents and agents are nodes in this case. Okay, so these are node agents or agentic nodes. These are LLM nodes. There is a concept called as LLM node because there are no tools involved. So this is a LLM node. You can very well call it as a LLM node which is very technically correct. Whereas these three are agentic nodes. These are agentic 
[1:26:53] nodes. The difference between LLM node is uh it just has LLM and no tools. No tools. No tools being used. Okay. Whereas in the agentic node you will have the prompt as you also have the prompt in this plus the LLM plus the tools. Which tool? Tool is your vector database. So that's why it's a aentic node. So I'll give a pause here. Let me know if you have understood till this point. 
[1:27:26] So now that we have already planned three agentic nodes, I'll still need three node functions. I'll need one node function for the billing response, one node function for one node function for technical response and one node function for general response. Clear? So there is a comment here. In the latest explanation, you use LLM to decide. Yeah, I think we can take a break. Yes. 
[1:27:59] Um, LLM to decide a category and not use the knowledge based document. Nearly. Yes. You don't need a knowledge base to decide the category. We will use the knowledge base to generate the response to retrive the right chunk based on the category. So that category will be used for metadata filtering. Okay. This this okay this 
[1:28:29] query category which is generated from here that will be used as filter. So vector database search will still happen but after metadata filtering. So it is not going to search all 30. Okay, it is going to search only those 10 documents which have uh category as general or category as billing or category as uh technical. Clear? 
[1:29:04] Yes. The knowledge base will be used in the agentic node. Correct. Yeah, fine. So, how to use it? Again, you can use it as a tool. You may not use it as a tool. That is also fine. Here in this example, I'm not using it as a tool. But essence is still the same. Okay, it is still being used as a tool, but not literally as a tool. literally means I'm 
[1:29:35] not using the tool wrapper from line chain but still it is a tool anything over and above the model is a tool ultimately okay so you can see all these things are there we are using that metadata retrieving and then you are populating so we'll discuss anyway after the break but uh I think let me see if there are any questions 
[1:30:13] Okay, all good. 
[1:47:21] Okay, back. 
[1:48:15] So fine let's create these uh agent functions now uh agent node functions. So this is for generating the technical response. So first thing is we are importing the support state once again. So importing this by this name you can say this is a name that I'm mapping and so I'm referring to the actual customer support state by this name local name 
[1:48:47] not needed but it's a good practice and so the output is also mapped back to the customer support state. So you're not just reading but also writing it back to that. Okay. Uh so this provides a technical support response by combining knowledge from the vector store and LLM. 
[1:49:21] So I'm reading the customer query uh category from the agent state customer query again and then simply using a metadata filter here. So if this categorized topic is in a different case let's say if t is capital then you are comparing by making it in a lower case. Okay, of t is capital or the entire thing is capital. Whatever be the original case returned 
[1:49:52] by the model, whatever be the original case, see this value is being returned by the model and updated in the support state. Okay, so we are reading the value from the support state. So whatever was returned here, you can see whatever was returned here. Okay, even though we have asked it to you know format in a proper way but still worst case scenario is still the model hallucinated and returned it in a different case. So first thing is I'm lowering the case 
[1:50:23] so that I can match with technical in the lower case and if the case matches that means the query has come down to the right agent the right agent because what is this node for? This node is for generating the technical response. So first thing is you should check whether the query is indeed technical in nature. If not then it goes to the else condition. Apologies I was not able to answer this question. Please reach out to something something. 
[1:50:55] So for nontechnical queries this is a default response handling as of now. You can make it better but for now this is what it is. So let's say if the query is indeed technical then I'm setting the metadata uh filter to technical and then doing a database search. uh so this will have the relevant documents top three documents uh as a list using this code I'm joining those three documents between two empty spaces using two empty 
[1:51:26] spaces I'm joining these three documents okay so this is a retrived content and that retrived content will be updated in this prompt template okay so this is a prompt template which will go to the response generation model craft a clear and detailed technical response for the following Customer query use the provided knowledge based information to enrich your response. In case there is no knowledge based information. When will it get no knowledge based information? So this could be empty. 
[1:51:57] This could be empty or you do not know the answer just say that apologies I was not able to answer your question. Please reach out to this and this is a customer. So this prompt template has got two variables. One is the customer query and one is the retrive content which I have to update. So that prompt template is now chained to the LLM and uh while you are invoking you can see the dictionary here. So I'm mapping the variables. So one variable is coming from the query which you are retrieving from the state and the other variable 
[1:52:29] value is coming from the retrive content which you are getting it from the retriever and then formatting it later. So these two values are updated in this dictionary and that dictionary is given to the chain.invoke method. Once the chain do.invoke method makes the API call that response will have content. So I'm just pulling the content part of the response. Dot content means I'm pulling the content part of the AI response. That content 
[1:53:01] part contains the AI message only. And that AI message is updated in the technical reply. So I'm just extracting the AI message component of the overall response structure. The overall response structure has all the information about uh response ID, run ID, model use, token usage and number of other things are there. So I'm not interested in all of that information. I'm just interested in the AI message part and that is what I'm extracting by using the dot content. So that technical reply is now also updated 
[1:53:34] in the final response part of your agent state. Final response part of the agent state. Okay. So any questions in this logic. 
[1:54:21] Okay. So then similarly let's execute this and check whether this works. Okay. So customer query what is the refined policy? I have given a general. Now here the problem is G is capital N that is why this was expected. Is it query category? No no no that is fine. What is a refund policy? Should be 
[1:54:51] billing I think. Yeah. Let's see another case. Oh, sorry. Sorry. The function is technical response. So, it will only reply the technical queries. Correct. So the general is correct map to the general is the correct mapping to the refund policy question that so query category is correct. Okay. The problem is you are firing this query to the 
[1:55:22] wrong agent. This is the one which is only going to reply to technical. Now you see when it is being fired a technical query is fired to a technical agent then the response you can see very nicely it comes up. You see the final response very nicely it comes up fine. So thank you for inquiring regarding this model onpre support. Yes we do support on-prem model of our this allows you to run this this this and so 
[1:55:52] on. Very nice. Okay. So you can actually also save this output. Okay. And uh if you want I mean and you can also extract the final response part of that output and print and see output response. 
[1:56:23] Okay. And uh there you can use the print display. So there was a display function I think somewhere. Let me go back and use the display function. Yeah, this one. Display and then mark down. Okay. Oh, 
[1:57:01] let's play markdown. Mark down is not there. It is small or what? Correct. Yeah. So you see I get a proper response now. Okay. Similarly you can uh check the 
[1:57:33] other two more agents. So the only difference is the uh line where I'm checking for the filter and the second line where I'm applying the filter. Third change is place where I'm giving this statement. Okay, rest all are same. Rest all are same. Okay, so this is a billing reply. So these are the three changes I'm doing. Okay. So similarly if you want to update and display 
[1:58:21] okay thanks. This is the response. Okay, question in the chat we suppose pass state object as input to the agent node function but you simple unit test case execution you pass two strings variable how does it map to the state object 
[1:58:52] but in your sample no no no no no where is the thing. This is what you're saying to string variables 35. Where is this one? 35. Okay. So in this you can just tell me 
[1:59:24] line 35 here. No this one no. So the thing is you are mapping the okay so the where are these two variables going? These are not going to the state directly. Okay, these are going to your 
[1:59:59] Okay. Where is that coming from? So here here customer query. So this is a customer query and the other is a query category and the query category is 
[2:00:29] for yeah so these two okay correct H so what was the question now let me just check uh unit test case you are passing two string variable how does it map to the state okay So basically this is expecting a input uh which is your customer support only. Okay. This this 
[2:00:59] customer support state and instead of the customer support state what you are mapping is a dictionary. Where are you using the dictionary? You are using this dictionary to read at this point. Okay. And ultimately this is a type dictionary only. If you see this the data type is a type dictionary. Can you see it's a dictionary only and so the output sorry the input that you have given is a see this is a type dictionary it's just that since it is a 
[2:01:32] dictionary the input that you are giving is also a dictionary. So that is where the dictionary mapping happens because of the keys being same. If the key mismatch is happening then there will be a problem. So there is a key with this name. There is a key with this name. The input that you are giving is not a normal list. It is a dictionary already. And the agent state is also a type dictionary. Aa got it. Thanks. Okay. Fine. But yeah, relevant question. So now this is the note function for the escalation. 
[2:02:02] This is just a dummy function which will give a response as apologies. I uh cannot respond it right now and someone from the team will be reaching out shortly. So this is like a dummy function. This is not making any API call as such. This is a router. So router is just checking all the conditions that we have already discussed. I think this is quite simple to understand. So you are checking the state in those agents just to make sure it does not hallucinate the issue. Yeah, right now 
[2:02:33] that's exactly what we are doing. So I am providing those states right now. Okay, the state variables. I am providing the state variables right now for a uh for a you can say test for a test now once we build the entire graph see the node functions have to be tested out of the graph that's what I mentioned half an hour ago also so each node will be requiring a function okay so 
[2:03:04] that the control goes to the node the node executes means the function executes But you have to test the function thoroughly before you plug in that function into the graph. So this is where I'm going to plug all those functions because once you plug in it will be very difficult to identify where is the error coming from. You getting my point? Okay. So it's very important to test each of these functions individually before you plug all these things. So now you are going to build the entire workflow. Okay. So 
[2:03:36] here again you're starting from an empty graph and then you are adding these five nodes six nodes. So one for categorizing the enquiry, one for analyzing the sentiment, these are the three response generators and one is for escalation. So all the boxes are generated here. Okay. So these are the functions which I'm mapping to each of these nodes and these are the name of the nodes. So this is the name of the node. This is the node function. Name of the node, node function. So usually it's a common 
[2:04:07] practice to keep the name of the node same as the node functions to avoid you know uh discrepancy or you know getting confused. Okay. So if the name of the node is categorized in query normally I would expect that there is a python function exactly by the same name where the functionality of the node is coded. Okay. So I have added all the nodes. Now connecting the edges. So the entry point you are setting the entry point here. Setting the entry point at the 
[2:04:38] categorized inquiry. Okay. So the start will get connected to categorize inquiry. Now the categorized enquiry will get connected to show you. So entry point. So start will be connected to categorize inquiry. Now this categorize and query come to this line number 16. So categorize and query will be connected to sentiment. Now sentiment will be connected to router. 
[2:05:11] Okay. Router will have these four branches. Router will have four branches. 1 2 3 4. And each of those four branches are connected to end. Each of those branches are connected to end. That's how it goes. So this has got four branches. Okay. And these four branches are connected to the end. One additional thing that you see here is um memory saver. Okay. So now you are 
[2:05:43] adding memory also. So now uh check pointer equal to memory. So when you compile this graph, okay, it will maintain the conversation history as well. Okay. So that is one additional improvement I have done here. So let's execute this. Okay. 
[2:06:17] So Pravin is saying you are checking the state category indoors just to make sure it does not. Yes, Acha that I have already answered I think. Perfect. So this is the how the overall uh looks and once again let me reiterate the solid edges means it's a deterministic path in the workflow that it will execute exactly the way you see it. Uh dotted ones means one of these will execute because they are coming from the same hierarchy. So one of the four will execute. Which one you don't know because that will be based on the query 
[2:06:48] uh category and the sentiment. But any of these four executes finally it will go to the end. Let me know if this is very clear the overall flow before I go ahead. Yeah. Can I get some response in the chat if this overall flow is very clear? So we have you know built upon this step by step. If I had directly jumped onto this project that would have been very difficult because you know there are too 
[2:07:20] many things happening lot of nodes are there lot of edges are there router is there and so that's why we built on it systematically okay so we did two langraph notebooks as a primer and then we are building the project step by step okay so if this is clear then uh we Then 
[2:07:52] what happened? This is not output. This is okay. So helper function to run the flow. Now I'm going to wrap this entire workflow. What is the workflow here? This is your workflow. customer support graph. I'm going to wrap this into a proper application you can say a final agent. So in our definition now this entire 
[2:08:23] workflow whatever is one agent or if you want you can call these guys also as individual agents. It's up to you. Okay. Because these are actually also fetching knowledge. So they are you know equipped with tools. So since these guys are equipped with tools it is fair to call them as agents or if you want to call them as sub agents that's also fine. Okay. And this entire thing becomes a single agent which is what I'm calling. So this is your final agent which is wrapping this entire workflow. 
[2:08:54] This entire langraph graph is being wrapped within this function. That's a usual practice. Okay. So later on you will not be directly calling this graph. you'll actually be calling this function. Okay, that will take your uh so what are the inputs? Agent is your entire uh graph. Prompt is the user prompt. Session user session ID. Now this is where the real game starts. Okay. Now I can provide different user names. let's say Prashant and then you 
[2:09:25] have Pravin you have Pander Rajan you have other uh you know Karthik or maybe Reuka Santos so whatever user session id then verbose is false now what is this verbose going to do so each step of the agent execution will be printed if you make verbose equal to true if you make verbose equal to true then each step of the workflow execution each node execution will be printed in the console. If you want that print then 
[2:09:56] make verbose equal to true. Okay. So let me repeat this agent is nothing but your entire langraph graph prompt is your user query initial conversation starter that is okay then this will keep a track. So Prashant's queries will be tracked separately. Pravin's query will be tracked separately. And that is what this memory agent does. This memory component does sorry this memory component keeps tracking the user ids. So Prashant will 
[2:10:28] have a different user ID, Pravin will have a user different user ID and their conversations will be different. So they will not be you know mixed up. Okay. How is that maintained? That is maintained by creating different threads. Okay. So first you create a agent stream and then in that you provide the initial prompt. Configurable is the thread ID. So this thread ID persists okay for a given user ID the thread ID persists and based on this thread ID conversations can be continued at a later stage okay 
[2:11:01] without mixing up. So I'll show you that. So this is just printing and for event and event. So that's what I said for each event what is a event is a node execution. So if the node executes I'm just printing the response of that uh node printing the response of that node. Okay. So this way every update in your state happens will be printed. So what is printed and what is the event? event 
[2:11:32] is nothing but every single update into the agent state is an event. Remember this. Okay. So each of these event is printed. So entire thread will be printed. Okay. Let's see. And finally once the entire workflow is done I'll print the final response. Where is this final response 
[2:12:03] coming from? Agent state. So that's what I said event is all coming from the agent state. Okay. And so this final response is also a part of that agent state. Okay. Now let's see. So these are the you know items in my knowledge base. These are the 30 question answer pairs. That is what I have printed. Okay. Let's say this is pashant 007. Okay. Do we support pre-trained models? Okay. 
[2:12:35] So the agent is running. You can see currently the agent state was empty. So the first thing which got updated was the customer query. Then the control went to whom? The control went to the categorize query node and so this was updated. Then the control went to the sentiment analyzer uh node and so the sentiment was updated and then based on the technical and neutral which node was executed the technical response 
[2:13:05] generator node was executed. So this is the final response coming from the technical response generator node. So I'm just printing that final response here. Thank you for inquiring regarding pre-trained models. Okay. Now the beauty is let me just try let me just try I'm just going to copy this and I'm not going to change the user ID. Okay, the user ID still remains the same 
[2:13:37] or if you want you can still provide the same user ID as long as the user ID is same it is not going to create a new one. Okay. So, let me see what did I just ask. Okay. Let's see what happens. Does this maintain conversation history? Al although you have not created a specific mechanism but let's see if it is still able to track the conversation history. Okay. 
[2:14:12] So you see it was not able to retrieve any documents and the model as such does not have any idea and that is the reason. So this is what I have been telling you since start okay agent state is not same as your proper memory component. This memory component that we have right now implemented is only to create separate 
[2:14:43] threads for different conversations which will be initiated by different users. Let's say there is one user called as Prashan 007. There is another user called as let's say Jim 009 whatever. Okay. So their conversations will be tracked separately but as of now they are not being also saved. You can say they are saved in the agent state. Okay, fine. But they are not being passed. Those conversations, the 
[2:15:15] previous conversations are still not being passed to the model. So the model still has no idea. See, this is still working. You can see I'll show you. I'll show you. So look at this very very carefully. Okay. Okay. Look at this very very carefully. So what is the last state here? Customer query is do you support pretend model. Customer query is technical. Okay. This is neutral. Okay. Now you see here it 
[2:15:48] started with only customer query and these guys were getting populated one by one. But here when it started the when did the agent start? When the agent started here what happened? It's not starting from clean slate. Remember this time this time the agent does not start from clean slate or rather state. Okay, it is already carrying the 
[2:16:18] previous information which is why you you can see only the customer query was updated but the remaining other three things are coming from the previous state. You see and one by one these fields will be updated. So customer category sorry query category will be updated from technical to general but the sentiment is still the same and the response is still the same. In the next node when the flow goes to the next node. So these are getting overritten. Okay. These are 
[2:16:49] getting overwritten because you did not implement a reducer. Remember that there was no reducer in any of these. Okay. So that is why these fields are getting overwritten. That is why these fields are getting overwritten. But these fields do exist in the second execution. In the previous notebooks, we have seen that whenever you call that graph or whenever you invoke that graph, the entire agent state is refreshed. That's what I repeated several times. 
[2:17:19] But now the agent state is not coming from the refreshed state or a clean slate. Okay? It is already preserving the previous execution state. Is that statement clear everyone? Yes. No. It is already having the previous state execution or previous execution states. And one by one as the nodes the second time execution nodes are executing they are updating the corresponding 
[2:17:50] they're updating the corresponding fields in the agent state. So each time I run with the same user ID it will not start from scratch. It will start from the previous execution. It will preserve the previous agent state and only keep on updating the fields. But this is memory efficient. Okay, this is memory efficient because the agent state doesn't have to be created again in the memory stack. It is already there. It just has to update the states 
[2:18:22] these fields essentially. Okay. So finally, so you see this is the previous response. This is all our previous response. And now finally the response got updated in the last step and that response is also mentioned. But the moment you aa here also I'm not changing the user ID. So let me execute this again. Okay. So here also I'm not changing. So what was the previous thing? General, 
[2:18:53] neutral and apologies. You can see it started from general, neutral and apologies. And only thing that got updated in the first node was the invoice I mean the query part. Then in the second step the category gets updated. Then in the third sentiment gets updated which is again neutral. And then again in the next step the response gets updated. You see now let me change the user ID here. Okay. Let me change 
[2:19:23] the user ID. Instead of pashan 007 let me use a user ID. Let's say Santos 009. Now let's see what happens. Okay. 
[2:19:53] Oh, so here the verbose was false. So my bad. Let's make it true. See the verbose was false and that is the reason I'm only directly getting the final response. Let me restart. So instead of 009 let me make it 007. So that will create another thread and let's see now you see each step execution here. This starts exactly fresh and that is the reason it does not have the category and the sentiment and the final response when when this agent started. So this is 
[2:20:24] a separate agent which is tracking Santosh. There was a separate agent which is tracking Prashant right so Prashant's agent is not being used to answer Santo query is this clear everyone till here till here at least and now since I'm not changing the user ID so this will be again taking uh so this is directly your uh faulty I am 
[2:20:56] fed up so this is a negative sentiment. So it directly went for escalation. Okay. Yeah. So I think uh everyone understood the concept now. There's nothing more to explain in this notebook. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's see if there are questions. So now the history of conversation that is the only thing which is remaining. Okay. So now 50% of the problem is solved. So now my agent can handle hundreds of users simultaneously but the 
[2:21:27] conversation history is still not being maintained. That's the only problem that we are yet to solve. Is this clear? My agent single agent whatever I have created that chatbot is able to keep a track of multiple queries from multiple users simultaneously. But the conversation history is not being shared with the model. So follow-up conversations are not working. That is the only thing which is a problem. the follow-up conversation is not working. So, we'll see how to, you know, fix that part. 
[2:22:02] Um, Peran is saying, "Yes, clear. We need to clear state for any new query may not be because if it is coming from the same user, ideally you want to preserve the state. So problem with clearing the state is or you know starting a fresh is each time it will be a memory overload or overhead. Okay. Then a previous agent state will be 
[2:22:33] discarded and a new agent state gets created in a new thread. So that is like a you know processor overload overhead sorry. But if you're reusing the same agent state for the same customer, that's much more efficient. Then the subsequent interactions become faster. Okay. So what is the strategy to do the follow-up? Huh? So for that you need to pass the conversations also to the model 
[2:23:04] that we will see in a later notebook. Okay. Not today but in the later notebooks we will be doing a full conversational chatbot. Okay. which will not only have the capability to you know keep a track of different users but also the conversations. Okay, I will show you 
[2:24:25] Okay. Uh this is done. So let me save this. So in case you want to refresh it to get the latest version, you can now do it after saving successfully. Yeah. Done. How do you want to maintain this session? How to invalidate users? Uh again, so you are mixing this with application layer sessions. 
[2:24:56] Okay, this is just the agent state. Now agent state is different from the user session. Once the user is logged in, there will be a session variable which will be tracked by your application layer. Whether you create it using chainl streaml there will be a front end that front end is where the user authentication happens and let's say in streamllet if you're creating the user interface using streamllet streamlit creates a session variable okay so there you can provide the session timeout 
[2:25:27] now that is the session timeout for the entire session that the user is having in the platform okay so Here the assumption is as long as the user's session is active on the the agent state will remain. We are not going to invalidate the agent state in between. I mean that makes still no sense if the user is still logged in. Okay. So user session maintaining is a different concept than 
[2:25:58] this agent state maintaining. Okay. So I think that got cleared. Okay. So, what is the next one? Let me just bring up the next one. 
[2:27:04] How much time we have? Half an hour. Okay, we'll build one more agent which is a which is going to follow uh reflective pattern. Okay, I'll just show you what is the agent we are building. 
[2:28:29] Okay. So this is the one which I had shared in the design patterns. Right. So we now know what all patterns we know the react pattern tool use. We have done in this one in the uh project uh the lab three tool use also we have seen the lab one which is online chain react pattern yeah then conversation memory so this also we have we are going 
[2:28:59] to use so to some extent memory saver we have used uh SQLite saver we'll be using so this is going to come up okay um router pattern we have used So this is what we have just now used reflection selfcorrection pattern. So this is the one which we are going to use in the current project lab number five. Okay, let me repeat this is the pattern which we are going to use. So this notebook was already shared uh before the start of the uh agents. Okay, 
[2:29:32] so this is a advanced pattern which gives agent ability to iteratively review and improve its own work creating a powerful feedback mechanism. Okay, for selfcorrection. So in the reflection pattern that enables LLM to generate some initial output and critique to identify flaws or areas for improvement and then modify. So first you will have one agent. So let's say a agent will generate the code. So here this is the project that we are 
[2:30:02] going to do. Reflective self-correcting code generation agent. This is the one which we are going to build in this entire notebook. So this agent will receive the user request for generating some code. So this is the one which will generate the code that will give its output to another agent which will be your reflector uh agent. So generator agent gives it output to the reflector agent. Reflector agent will review the code check for inconsistencies. Execute the code. If there is any error 
[2:30:34] in the code, it will give a feedback to the generator agent. Boss, your code is not working. This is the Fana error I'm getting. Please regenerate the code and you know give me the updated code. So this iteration may happen three four times, five times. We can keep a track in the agent state. We will keep a track how many times this iteration is happening and we can set up a threshold also. So beyond let's say five iterations if it goes means it is you know stuck in some sort of a loop then 
[2:31:06] we can do a hard stop okay so if the generator is able to generate an output which the reflector is giving a go ahead okay then that will be given back to the user that's the overall thing and then uh the parallel agent we will take in the next session okay followed by memory. Okay, the we'll do all the agents don't worry but I'm just telling you where we are as of now in our agentic pattern so that you are very 
[2:31:36] clear what all agents we have already implemented so this is the code let me just share this notebook book. 
[2:32:40] what patterns we have covered so far. I would suggest you to figure out based on the projects that we have. I just reviewed this document and still the same question is being asked. So now you go through all the labs that I have done and try to connect those dots. Okay? try to do a one-on-one mapping that this lab has already used the tools, this lab has already done this pattern. Let me know in the next session if there is any mismatch. I'll correct you. Okay. 
[2:33:14] Okay. So this I have just now showed reflection pattern. We'll have two things. So I think yeah this is the same system diagram. User prompt will ask the generator to generate some code and then reflector will review that code. Reflector will provide the critical review and based on that critical review the generator code will come up with a revised version of that. Okay. 
[2:33:45] If you want to see a practical use of this, I don't know how much time we have. Um, let me see if I can show you a end to end system a real 
[2:34:18] use case. 
[2:36:09] Okay, I'll show you. Fortunately, I got that. So, is this visible? Okay. So this is my AWS MCP server that I have created on my own completely from scratch kind of. Okay. And uh what is the main purpose of this? Okay. Maybe I can show you. 
[2:36:56] Okay. So this tool automates AWS operations by generating, validating and executing secure B23 code. So this purely uses the same um architecture which I'm going to do in this project. Okay. So you can take this project as a starter and try to replicate or create something of this sort. Okay. That's an extension to that project. So I'm just showing you so that you can feel motivated what all can be done. Can all can these labs be just 
[2:37:28] made into production grade? Answer is yes. And so this is a very much production grade code. Okay, I also have a chain lit uh interface. Maybe I can show you that as well later also you can see guardrails are implemented. Lot of things are there. Okay, on the left side examples, test code generation, execution. Okay. Anyway, so this is generating code on the fly using some models and uh uh fine 
[2:37:58] these are the features which are there. So dynamically generates executable code which is a boto3 code. People who are coming from AWS understand what is boto3. So boto3 is a API SDK you can say of AWS. You can connect to any of the AWS infrastructure using the boto3 API. Okay. Literally any AWS service. I have also set up lot of guardrails reduction and reduction and other things. Reflective loop. So obviously you have a 
[2:38:30] generator and a reflector exactly the same way what I have discussed in that lab although and then a lot of batch processing and confirmations other things are there which right now okay um this is powershell so might this activating 
[2:39:04] Okay. So I'm into my virtual environment. Now I will get see this is a good practice. Okay. Because you will be parallely working on so many projects how to actually start. So anyway installations and those things are not needed. I have already configured my environment file with a number of settings which I'll show you. Okay. And this is how I can put up my queries. So literally I'm connecting to my AWS account using this 
[2:39:37] project. Okay. And in real time these queries are going to be made. Okay. So let me show you. So the first query I'm making is list all the S3 buckets. Okay. And you see total execution time it has started. So this is the query list all the three buckets. Okay. Assuming some role. This is my AWS account actual AWS account. So this is like role assumption is done by my code. 
[2:40:10] Once the role role is assumed successfully, it will start executing the uh Boto3 code. Now my gen has initialized. Uh first it will generate. So verbose debug original query is this. There is no sensitive information detected in the input prompt. Okay. So I will use the original query for execution. Okay. So the only reduction happened is on the account ID. 
[2:40:41] Fine. And then this is the code which was generated by my generator. This is the code actually generated in the first attempt. This is the raw coming from the LLM. Okay. And there is no reduction needed. Okay. So probably uh because there is no reduction needed. Uh the same code was used. The only reduction happened was on the alias uh sorry account. So in the back end I am creating some sort of a alias map. Rest all the code is being 
[2:41:13] exactly the same. The only reduction happening is on the account level. I mean this account ID. This account ID. Okay. Now once that is done success. Now why is it a success? Because if I just go back to my code here you can see if I just go below you can see success failure success failure many times. Okay. So once the agent runs okay this is the code which is generated and then it will be evaluated okay 
[2:41:46] so code execution no errors found decision finish same thing is happening here also so these are my console messages you see same thing is happening here so success on attempt one means this code is correct and execution did not give any error two things the code is correct and the execution did not result in an error and the response now I'm getting from the model that successfully retrived a list of buckets there is one 
[2:42:17] bucket called as this which is currently active this was created on 23rd of number there are no errors in this process if you need so this is the final thing that I have got okay so let me ask another question uh I think I'll just change this Okay. Okay. Okay. What are they? 
[2:42:50] Uh what are the AC2 instances running in my account? Let's see. Okay. So this is the query. 
[2:43:20] So this part I have already explained. So what are this? No sensitive information detected. Okay, I'll probably show you one or two queries with sensitive information and probably that will make sense. uh the actual uh guard railing part. So you see this is the code which was generated from the LLM in real time and uh this was along with the alias map success on the first attempt itself. Good. So you have one EC2 instance running in your account and this is the 
[2:43:52] instance ID. Now I can tell you one thing that this instance ID was not seen by the LM. this instance ID was actually not seen by the LLM. Uh how do I know? Yeah. So this is the final details but question is how do I know? Okay, let me try. 
[2:44:22] Oh, was I not sharing the complete screen? I think I was not sharing the complete screen. Let's see. Did you see this? Did you see this? What happened? 
[2:45:06] Yes, ID screen. Uh, so yeah. Yeah, sorry. So I thought I am sharing my entire screen. I just now realized I was sharing the uh different screen. Yeah. So this is how it is. Okay. So this is the query which I had given. What are the EC2 instances running and you can see um this actual account ID this is the code which was generated. So original query there was nothing to redact and this is 
[2:45:37] the code which is generated by my generator component of the overall agent. Then uh after reduction anything and success on attempt one means this code did not this code did not meet any um you can say errors. This code did not face any errors. So it was successful. Okay. And this is the final response I have got. Okay. I can maybe 
[2:46:08] do one follow-up question. Okay. So let's do one thing. Okay. So I'll just copy the instance ID. Clear. So what is the status of 
[2:46:44] Let's see what happens. So query is asking about this EC2 instance redacted one sensitive item. So what is the reduction? See it was redacting one of the information and what was that information? You can see the instance ID was redacted. can see. So that is the beauty of guardrails that I set up. Okay. So my account ID is also not shared with the model. Instance ID was redacted and still was 
[2:47:17] in the first attempt it was able to do you you can see the reducted codes are also present in the so this is the reducted code. This is the original code generated by the model. This is the reducted code which was executed. Okay. and the final response I'm getting from the model. So again the model has not seen this instance ID. I can guarantee you that okay because it was reducted anyway and still it tells me the complete information that it is 
[2:47:47] currently running state and there are no errors. So executed you can check the status processed one item. This is the index ID in a bit. Right? So I have a user interface for doing all of this as well. Maybe I'll show you those things later. But see these are the things you can actually do. Um you can also ask uh maybe anything about the key pairs or you want to do uh delete this instance that is also possible. Literally I have done uh I can 
[2:48:19] just fire a query delete this instance. It will actually delete that instance also but pause that instance. Okay. So it might also work. So, okay. 
[2:48:50] or this EC2 instance. Let's see what happens. I'm trying this after a long time but I have extensively used this system. Okay. So again the instance ID was redacted code was generated using that reducted instance name 
[2:49:24] success on attempt is currently in the process of stop. Super there is no and now if I the status is stopping right. So after 5 seconds maybe 15 seconds or 30 seconds if I ask what is the status it will tell me that it is already in the stopped state. So I'm just going back to the previous question now. Okay. So let's give this some more seconds. So you see I didn't even have to login into my account. This is 
[2:49:55] something what I have created. Okay. Uh so now I'm querying the status. What is the status of this? So ideally it should tell me that it is in the paused state or stopped state. Super. You see this is all working. Okay. With all proper guardrails and so 
[2:50:28] this is your reflector pattern. Now I can show you the architecture. Uh where is that? Red me does not have the architecture. Yeah, architecture document is there which I moved. Seriously, 
[2:50:58] dogs legacy might have architectures. 
[2:51:28] I don't know what I did with that architecture document. It was there somewhere. But let's look at the P itself. I think the P will have some idea about the architecture. Uh yeah, component status core engine. So you have the generator executor. So you have the generator code, you have the executor code and the reflector that's what I told you right that is a core engine and then you have the guardrailing engine then CLI engine okay and then rest all our normal operations 
[2:52:01] right but your core engine itself has all that information so which is what this project is also all about Okay. H how much time we have? 5 minutes. Okay. Let's see. I will not be able to finish this. But at least I have shown you a real life use case of this entire thing 
[2:52:32] that we are generating. Okay. So let's see if there are question or if you want we can start this in the next session also. H tier is expiring. Will it allow me to create a new account with a new mail ID? 
[2:53:04] Theoretically, yes. But again, you'll have to still set up your billing. Okay. Uh I think the same credit card can be used for multiple accounts. I haven't tried it, but should be possible as long as there is nothing pending in your free account. Okay. Against that particular credit card. to make sure that if there is nothing pending everything is paid up and theoretically yes should be uh so create multiple GM ids I think that 
[2:53:35] will work yeah are we going to create any production ready agents in this using an ID see this takes lot of time effort and iterations If we want to do this in real time then probably we will not be able to discuss all the length and breadth that we have been able to cover because creating one such 
[2:54:07] project itself will take one course. Okay. Literally the amount of thought process architecting iterating uh everything. Okay. So maybe if you want you can propose building a system like this in from scratch along with me if you want or offline whatever but I can tell you this itself will consume the entire time of 
[2:54:38] the entire course. So I would encourage you to try all these things offline you know taking the learnings from this course rather than expecting to create something of this within the course itself okay but don't start from scratch that is the point here I never started this project from scratch okay remember okay so you are always you know standing on the shoulder of giants 
[2:55:08] that's the saying in English which means This notebook was the starting point. Tell them that follow this notebook. Uh I'm going to create a agent which is like this like this. Okay. This is the overall task. Ask it to generate a uh architecture document. Review that document before any code generation happens. Once you are satisfied that okay, it has really understood your requirements. All the features of your application are 
[2:55:40] understood, documented in the PD system architecture is clear. At what stages, what all frameworks will will be used, what all files will be created, how will the file be organized into multiple folders and trees. Okay. So this back and forth conversation itself will happen for first few days. So in the first 10 15 iteration sorry 10 to 15 conversations with the model I will not even ask it to generate a 
[2:56:12] single line of code. So unless I'm 210% sure that the model has really understood and documented what I I need then the code generation starts phase by phase I will uh you know break this entire project. I'll ask the model to you know now that you have a complete idea about the system architecture and the P break this entire project into 10 phases or five phases and for each phase give me a unit test. How do I figure out 
[2:56:43] that that phase is successful? Okay. So it will create another document in which all these phases will be documented and unit test for each of those phases will also be documented. Then you go to a fresh uh uh you know session and then start with the phase one do a unit test manually. Some changes might be needed then go with phase two. I mean I normally do that way. Now there are agents which 
[2:57:14] will do the phase 1 2 3 4 5 back to back on their own. This is what the repletable and those things do. They will require minimum intervention from the users. But I don't prefer those things. Okay. So I normally want to verify each and every phase manually which is why I will also ask the unit test or maybe let me check if I can just hold on hold on hold on. Okay 
[2:57:45] let's see how lucky you are. Let me see. H okay. So I'll do one thing just that 
[2:58:19] we are not doing this project. Uh so I will want you to check this out. Okay. I don't have all the conversations frankly but this is one of the initial conversations okay one of the initial conversations so convert this notebook into a broad level app you see I did not start from scratch that's what I told you this is three-phase agent I created that somewhere uh additionally so that's what I said you are not going to start from 
[2:58:50] scratch even these labs can be considered as your starting points you see and that's what I have done can you on the top right top right convert this into a production level app create a new folder called AWS infrastructure manager you see this is the starting point of this particular project itself so what I told you is not theory I have actually implemented exactly in the same manner this is the creation of the folder forget about any other thing I mean so 
[2:59:21] many files now you are able to see hundreds of them but this is the starting conversation I'm having now read uh um prompt okay uh with within the project route and modularize this entire notebook so that the main.py Py takes the user query from the command line or a list of queries. Submit me the refactored plan first. Exactly. That's what I told you. Don't ever ask for any codes. Make sure that it has understood gives a refactoring plan document which 
[2:59:52] I might have deleted by now. Okay, which I might have deleted. Okay, don't uh so but this is the overall uh plan it had submitted. You can see so so many folders will be created, so many files will be created, phase 1, phase 2, phase three and then the refactoring steps will happen. Requirement.txt will be created, readmin.ext will be created, environment file will be created and then other configuration settings. So that is in the phase one you can see. Okay. And then in the phase two this will be done. Phase three this will be 
[3:00:24] done. Phase four this will be done. And phase five this will be done. Phase six this will be done. Okay. That's what I told you and it has just given something but not yet created. Okay. This is how you would be calling. Fine. Uh something something and configuration priority. Now these are the features basically. Okay. So these are the design decisions that we need to make. Okay. And then migration checklist I have got. Total estimated file count is 13 around 2,500 
[3:00:54] to 3,000 lines of code. Test coverage next steps. Okay. Then I think the graph can be merged with so basically I what I said is there are couple of folders here uh so agents is there and the graph is there so which is langraph so what I said is why don't you merge these two because ultimately we are creating langraph agents only so I asked it to merge okay let's see what it responded okay so you merge these two also go through 
[3:01:25] the revised architecture so this revised architecture I generated from claude downloaded that and gave it as a you know additional thing. Okay. Now submit me a revised implementation plan. So this was not generated here. This was generated using clawude opus or something which I uh use from the web interface. So so there are multiple steps multiple branches in my usual workflow. I don't generate normally everything from here. uh the entire 
[3:01:55] brainstorming or most of the brainstorming I prefer to do it in cloud. Okay. So I imported the markdown files and now this is the revised refratoring plan. Okay. This is the revised refactoring. These are the key changes. Now this is the entire architecture. Okay. Ambiguity detection. This this that observation. So this is like a react agent ultimately. Okay. So for complex boto3 and for simple it will go for CLI. Okay. And so on so on so on 
[3:02:27] you can see phase one phase 2 phase three. So this is the revised phase wise plan. Fine. No code generated till now. Enhanced features as per the new architecture. Fine. Whatever that was the migration checklist example usage this is the output and so on. So summary of changes from the original plan. Fine. So original plan had got two executors. Now I've got three executors. agent nodes originally it was four and now I made it five to check the ambiguity of 
[3:02:57] the codes and so on okay ambiguity detection was not there policy creation was not there I did that in the device plan fine holder structure separate I merged fine so these are the changes roughly 1,000 line of code was increased so this was basic three-phase and now it has so are you ready to proceed okay this looks good update the architecture document also with the latest so this document somewhere I think alternated accidentally and also create a PR with the detail wise phase wide and you 
[3:03:28] will update this document as the progress is being made. Okay, let's go. So now it has only created two files. So till now again no code has got generated. Now I'm asking it to just generate architecture uh MD and PMD. That's it. So in this entire exercise two documents have got created. One is this, one is this. Don't be in a hurry to generate code. See that's my you know strong suggestion. Okay now looks good. Let's begin with the phase one. And that's 
[3:03:59] what exactly I told you. So now it has started creating all the files for the phase one. So phase one then I will manually verify. Okay. So it has told me that these are the files I have created in a phase one. I would have now continue with phase two. I would have manually verified that and then come back. This was all done two months ago. Okay. So now continue with phase two. So don't you know give too many tasks. So phase two complete I would have manually verified that and then asked it to continue uh to the phase three. So phase 
[3:04:30] three continued you can see continue with phase four. So phase four continued. So phase four is complete and then uh so many things are happening. Uh next steps agent five agent. So phase five. So phase five is also getting completed. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now continue to phase six also being done. Done. Done. Done. So next step phase seven. Okay. Phase seven is also being 
[3:05:00] done. Now application is ready for immediate use. Fine. Now I start getting some queries and errors. Okay. I might have got this unexpected error. Some keys required. Okay. So I see the issue. API keys required. And now enhancements will start based on these errors and so on. There is another problem. Now you can see there is one more error happening somewhere. So now it will modify based on that error. Is the console output being saved somewhere? Because I also 
[3:05:32] want to probably save this console output. So then it created another file log file. So there's a logger which got implemented and so on. Now this is one of the uh then debugging masking. So these are different different sessions. So I just opened one of the sessions. This is for another session. This is for the uh masking of the uh PIIs. So let me show you how I did that masking of the PIS. Again this is all completely prompts. So I'm not 
[3:06:03] writing codes. I'm just giving the right set of prompts. Okay. How to do the PII reduction. So now a stretch goal. Now that functionality I'm clear. So a stretch goal design and create a professional gy for this project. So I'll show you the gy in the next class. Okay. And don't change the existing code at any cost. Do you want to do a stream chain lit or fast pay for this? Brainstorm and give me the detailed explanation for your choice. I have not asked it to generate any code yet. So it 
[3:06:34] will give me a detailed set of you know requirements and so I thought okay let's go with chain lit. So this was done in chain lit and some errors were coming I think so that was resolved in the next iteration. So chain lit was the main app. I think change it app. 
[3:07:07] Yeah, I don't know if you can see this. Okay, this is the chain link code. Okay, some account ID is there. Guardails are active and this is the model being used. Okay, how do you help? So just be AC2 instances in my account. Let's 
[3:07:41] see what happens. Starting your GIA engine. This is the generated code. Now the executor execution is successful. This is the instance ID. Super. Okay, this is the raw code plan is proposed and so on. So I'm able to trace back each and everything how things happened. So this is the front end part of it. Okay. 
[3:08:14] So you see um everything is you know happening back to back but uh multiple interventions are needed. Okay. So this doesn't happen in one. I would suggest never redact any region names. So again it was redacting too many things. Oh I gave a feedback. Don't redact this. Don't redact that. You have to make sure you are redacting this not that. So multiple attempts have gone in and then again so 
[3:08:48] I came across another article. So I gave this article why don't you you know read this article and make sure that you can utilize the learning from that article in our project. So even that I do you see and that entire article was shared okay this entire article with design patterns codes and everything this is all coming from this entire article and simply I said is this of any help see this is also a good way okay so now it says yes this is very helpful it maps 
[3:09:19] perfectly on what we are building so if you're reading something and you find something helpful give it to the model support the model don't expect everything so as long as You're supporting the model with all sort of documentation, additional codes that you find somewhere else which could be related, which could be helpful. Keep on providing all that. Okay. So model completely doesn't you know generate from scratch or hallucinate from scratch. It stays grounded with these articles with these starter codes and so on. Okay. So that really reduces the 
[3:09:51] iteration cycle. Okay. So again I don't want you to implement any solution specific uh again now you can okay let me end the session too late yes you have a question so I have shown you how to build a production level app from scratch literally now today okay so see building 
[3:10:22] this takes time but the theory behind it should be here. So that was the whole takeaway. Okay. So any questions? What model did you use 
[3:10:52] to refactor? I don't remember. Most of the codes I have done it from set 4.5 only two months ago. Yeah, set 4.5 that is the most common model I've used. 80% of my codes have been generated from set only. Unmute. Okay. Yes, she can't. You can unmute and ask. Hey um question quick question when we 
[3:11:25] we are generating like phase wise what you just mentioned the procedure best practice still do you need to understand the code going inside the python file or I know you test and you verify each component and they go to next step right um like do we need to this is where the difference between a developer and a architect is architect's job finishes in the first four prompts got okay end of the Story end of the story. End of the discussion. Solution architect job finished in the first four prompts 
[3:11:56] where we finalize the architecture.prd and the sorry architecture.m MD and the PR.MD done. What all frameworks we are going to use whether we are going to use gartails or not in which step you are going to introduce the guardrails. So all that planning is done before you start writing the first code for the first phase. All the brainstorming is what the job role or the JD of the solution architect is. Solution architect is not expected to implement all these and you know break 
[3:12:29] their head with each of these uh you know code implementations and their errors and everything else. Okay, that is what a developer will do ultimately. So LLM engineer, LLM developer, geni developer, agentic developer, whatever you know role that you see which is a builder role. So you have to clarify right in this before the start of the interview is this a builder level role or a planner level role you have to be very clear with your ask and the kind of role that you are seeking. Okay. 
[3:13:00] Unless you are very comfortable reading thousands of lines of code. Okay. It's very tricky to you know get into a builder kind of a profile. If you if you're very new to Python just learned a couple of weeks ago, I would still suggest you to you know u hold on till the end of the course before start applying. But anyway, those process also takes time and if you have already some Python background you'll have to 
[3:13:30] strategically you know place your profile. Exactly. Because again the point is if they hire you for building an application like this and you have just started Python 3 weeks ago I mean no way I can see you will be able to build a production level app like this even with the help of LLMs I can guarantee you that anyone can say anything but I'm giving you the realistic uh expectation here okay although these LLMs are going to 
[3:14:01] give you 90% of the code maybe even 99% but that 1% % which is not working. It will take you 99 days to figure out if you're not a coder at heart. Yeah, that makes sense. One bug will keep you holding. Okay. And you'll feel many times giving it up. Okay. Proful. Yes. Go ahead. Uh okay. Yeah. I am like coder at heart like I've been going through these uh 
[3:14:32] Python for a long time mostly I use LLMs especially cloud to generate code and I understands like where things are going I can debug but I still don't have that confidence like uh but even in my job like currently I am a principal statistical programmer these days I don't remember all the codes so practically Ally speaking uh how much is the basic I feel like you know uh 
[3:15:06] basic I I I can explain list I can explain some data structures but I can't go more than that it does that suffice uh okay so point is as long as they are not asking you to write down a code uh during the interview that's all fine. Okay. U understanding the actual components the type of code or the exact data 
[3:15:36] structures which are needed to implement a particular solution if you're able to address those properly then we are still good. So for example to create a langraph graph agent what all components we needed we needed this chat prompt template we needed the llm with a structured output you are creating piantic schema so that you can enforce the model so if that is the level of explanation you are you are able to give then it's just the manual process of writing which can be outsourced but if 
[3:16:07] you are simply saying that we want to create an agent which will write down a code another agent which will review the code so this is the explanation for a solution architect. But a builder will explain it in a more uh deeper way that this agent I mean the entire agent philosophy the agent state what all components are there and how is the agent state uh you know created using piantic or type date or then the follow-up question will come 
[3:16:38] why did you use type dictate and not pantic and then the solution architect is you know wondering and pondering but the developer will be able to justify that okay so Point is you have to give or build enough confidence uh to the interviewer that you can implement things technically. So whenever you are speaking some of these uh you know terms should pro you know come up. Uh so which will you know give a flavor that you know things technically as 
[3:17:08] well. Okay. They may not ask you to build the project right away during the interview but uh yeah that's how I would see it. Yeah. Okay. Yes sir. Day data architect more time in analyzing trade-offs, coaching teams, reviewing the failures, defining guardrails. Yes, it does. Very good. So that's very well articulated. That's the 
[3:17:38] correct expectation from uh architect. Okay. Managing technical debt. Yes. And of course overall project costing influencing decision across engineerity in product businesses. Watch how this is preventative and insurance. Yeah. Yeah. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hey, uh I have a question actually. So we learned the langraph. Okay. I have a use case uh the realtime use case convert the business 
[3:18:10] requirement to Jira features uh and stories and create uh one in the Jiraas. Okay. So you know sometime bit confused whether should I use the really the langraph or just you know plain two three uh python program to do that one. uh so so at what stage I should you know decide okay you know going with the langraph for these use cases are good or just you know give up because that's are 
[3:18:42] too much things we uh are happening in the lang we strongly suggest so for all these hypothetical scenarios okay u or established scenarios whatever it is okay since hypothetical because we don't have the application done right away we are going to create it so anything which is going to happen in future is hypothetical. Okay. So all these kind of potential use cases let's say that is a better word potential use cases. Okay I would again go back to the models whatever the model I trust again Germany 
[3:19:13] or claude whatever best models which are available state-of-the-art do brainstorming again the same question which you have asked me I'll ask it to my model. Okay. And uh again go with uh the uh tree of thought kind of prompting. Okay. So for example whether to implement this in Python or use langraph agents. Okay. Think thoroughly and give me the pros and cons for both the approaches and then suggest to me which approach will 
[3:19:43] be better for this particular use case. See that is the prompt. Okay. I see. So I want everyone to you know be be capable enough to help themselves rather than me trying to provide my views or my thought process in solving your problem. No that then it will never you will ever be dependent on me. Yeah. Okay. I see. Yeah. So my idea is to teach you the right way. So all the brainstorming I do it 
[3:20:14] from these models these days because I have my intuitions no doubt for any given use case I have my intuition what will work and that is the reason I can contradict it. Mhm. But let me see what the model says okay I do not directly want to jump into the solution. I'll try to give a fair chance to these models to you know present their solution their analysis based on my previous years of experience. I know what works, what doesn't work. And then the contradiction phase starts. Two, four, five interactions will be 
[3:20:44] contradiction. If you're doing this, then this will be a problem. Okay? If you're doing that, then that will be another problem. Okay? So why are you unnecessarily complicating? Don't you think this will be a better solution? And this way you also learning because for your contradiction, the model will present a better solution which you also might have not thought. So that is how you also become a better planner, better architect. You see okay yeah actually it's a realtime use case only partially done by our team okay but uh I'm working on integrating 
[3:21:16] with the Jira but so I'm bit confused so that's why I asked but I understand I have to use AI to solve my problem okay use the AI tool uh to post my questions and uh yeah thanks I got it yeah thanks okay fine maybe it's already quite time uh I'll have to hang up Now we'll meet next week. Thank you. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.
