
[1:50] Am I audible? Yes. Okay. But yeah, so happy Valentine's Day. I hope your Valentine is not an agent. AI agent. 
[2:20] Not until now. Who knows? So the way that things are progressing every other day. So no longer that would be a fantasy. 
[2:58] Okay. So, what better it will be when you have an agent who listens to you most importantly. Anyway, so what was the last notebook that we were doing? Last project I think we had already uh finished the 
[3:29] customer support. That one was done, right? No one remembers. Interesting. We were at uh reflective selfcorrection code generation agent. 
[4:04] All right. Reflect and generate reflect. That is probably the lab five. Yeah. Okay. 
[5:26] Is my screen visible? Okay. So now it should be visible. So this is the one that we were doing, right? Uh, okay. 
[6:14] Fine. So let me give a high level idea uh what we are going to do in this. Uh now this will be like a again uh if I go back to the agentic design pattern. There was one design pattern called as reflective uh design pattern in which you have backtoback two agents. One agent does something and the other agent uh verifies. Okay, 
[6:44] that work. So let's say in this case uh it is like a code generation. Okay, so we'll have a advanced version of this as well. Okay, where we'll be building u several agents like a planner agent, reflector agent, replplanner agent and so on. Okay, so we'll come to that but let's go step by step. Fine. So this agent will take uh the user request to generate some code. Okay, that code will be structured in a proper uh you know 
[7:16] format. And to structure that proper format as usual, I'll be using the uh piantic schema or type dict okay we'll use some schema. Okay. So this is the schema that will uh ask the code generator agent to you know adhere it to in which there will be prefix like this code is meant for so and so whatever is that non-code component that is the prefix the explanation in introductory text and everything. So that is in the 
[7:47] prefix. Uh normally any uh code will have the import functions. Okay, import or from something import. So all those import statements will be separately present and the actual uh code component of the final code. Okay. So this is just like uh you know you can say documentation about what that code does. Import section will help us to identify what all packages are needed to run that 
[8:19] code. Okay. So from here and u this is the actual executable part anyway. So this guy called as reflect okay that will look into the imports and first try to run the imports one by one okay if any of the imports are failing then uh maybe could be multiple reasons whether that package is not installed that could be one reason another reason could be mismatch in the packages 
[8:49] usually okay so if the import statement works then usually the functionality is sorted Okay. So this reflect uh agent will actually work uh to first check each and every import statement works and if any of these are failing it will give you uh error message. that error message is 
[9:19] actually given back to the generator that so and so error has come or so and so import has failed. Uh reook into the code generate the updated code this and that. So once iteratively all the import statements are working then the control goes to the code. Then line by line the code will be executed. Okay, not line by line but the entire code block and if there are any suggestions for improvement or if the code is not working maybe because of syntax errors, logical errors any of those. So that 
[9:50] feedback is again given back to the generate code. So this feedback iteration will be tracked by this counter. Okay, so this counter will be present where in your state schema. Okay, agent state. So let's say the K value is three. So we will attempt these cycle three times at max. Okay. So that is what we can do. You can make it four, five, whatever number. Okay. And all the uh code solution and uh 
[10:20] error code. So these are also updated in the agent state. Fine. So this guy reads from the agent state. This guy is not directly getting the output from the reflect code. This is just updating everything in the agent state. Okay. And this is reading from the agent state and checking that if the attempt count exceeds the number of uh you know attempts allowed that is n. Okay. Then it will simply exit with whatever the final I mean the last solution was okay 
[10:53] including the error message. This is what best I could do. Okay. Although there are some errors kind of thing. But if there are no errors and uh if the attempt solution is attempt count is less than n then or less than or equal to n in that case then this generate code will finally get the feedback that okay I have been able to generate whatever the required code is successfully without errors and that code will be given back to the user. So that's how the entire loop works. So 
[11:25] I've already given all this explanation here. I have replaced the GPT4 with GPT 5 mini. That is the one which we will be using. But if you want you can use GPT4 mini also. That's also a good. So we'll be importing the variables. So I would not want you to 
[11:59] type the openi key. This is the best way. And as a production grade example of this uh project, I think I remember I had shown my AWS uh um MCP server or uh AWS project. Anyone remembers? Did I show that? So in which I was giving national 
[12:29] language queries no one remembers no MCP. No. uh a project in which I had uh uh implemented that along with the user interface. I was giving natural language queries to my AWS account and uh a code gets generated which gets executed and based on that boto3 
[13:02] code execution I was able to fetch my AWS account related information something. Yes. Yeah, no UI. Uh, how is that possible? UI was also there. So, okay, let's finish with this and then maybe we'll go back and I'll try to show you uh what I have done. Maybe uh 
[13:32] we'll spend maybe 5 10 minutes into the architecture and how the other things were implemented like PIA reduction and those things. Although that entire project was uh 90% white coded okay uh I'm considering to you know upload that entire project in GitHub okay so along with uh explanations so maybe it might take time another week or so but I'm considering to upload so that 
[14:04] that is I made two three versions in fact of that project so two versions have been deployed for external one for myself the version which I'll be uploading will be you know a version a fully functional one okay uh where I have no conflict of interest kind of thing okay so there is a comment nowadays most of the developers are using cursor or some 
[14:35] other tool for code generation that is a standard right where else can we use this reflect pattern code. Uh I think in uh there was one notebook in which I had given a few examples for each of these agentic patterns. So you can just check that. So reflect pattern again suppose you want to do some copyrightiting writing and copyrightiting back back to back. So there also you can uh do. So for example, there is a topic on which you 
[15:06] have written or some AI agent has written. Now another agent which will act as a copyriter expert will verify uh grammatically you know everything conceptually, technically. So there can be two to three copyriter agents. One for you know grammar, structure and writing style. Okay. adapted to your writing style. The other agent is looking into the technical aspects of it. I can also 
[15:37] provide a third agent which makes sure that all the data is numerically correct up to date. Okay. So that third agent will have access to a web search tool. Okay. So internally it will try to generate claims from my article or blog. Okay. Wherever there are numbers, where where there are figures. Okay. because I want to actually make my article also factually correct. So I've divided the tasks. Now I'm just giving you a highle idea. So you can take this as a you know uh project post today's session. 
[16:09] So one agent will write down the blog article based on the user topic and three different reflector agents working in parallel. So how to do that parallel agent that is the next project I will show you how to create parallel agents or agents which work parallelly. Now these two agents are working uh back to back. In our case these agents are working back to back. First this then this and then back to back. So how do you make these agents work parallelly? So that is what also we will see after 
[16:41] this current example. Okay. So as I just mentioned I can have uh three agents. one which will do the copyrightiting. Make sure that the blog looks like a human written um now if you just search Google you will get lot of you know instructions how to make AI content humanlike. Okay. So you can download some of those instructions and feed it to this agent. Also if you have some uh 
[17:12] previous articles which you have written manually maybe couple of years ago. So from there you can create your own writing style. Okay. Go to chart GPT upload those uh articles or whatever literature that you have created. Ask Chad GPT to uh give a complete uh you know DNA analysis of your writing style as a markdown file. Okay. So Ch will do a complete DNA analysis of your writing style. Give it as a markdown file. Now that markdown file will be given to the copyriter. Okay. and make sure that the 
[17:45] blog is adhering to that. Okay. So those things another one as I said technical concepts and the third one is checking for the factual correctness recency of the uh you know use cases maybe or model names it might be referring to old model names like 3.5 GPD 3.5 or GPD 40 mini but now everyone is working with GPT 5, 5.2 into 5 mini and so on or J mini old models are there 1 1.5 so because these 
[18:16] agents I mean these models okay let's say if I'm using GPT40 mini now this was trained in 2023 this GPT40 was trained in 2023 this has no idea about any of the later models okay so if this guy generates a code for a LLM that LLM being used will be naturally a old generation model right so how do I make sure that I'm my code makes use of the newer generation modules so that can be done so that is one use case another use 
[18:48] case I can tell you is like let's say when I'm creating these kind of tutorials okay u so there is one agent which generates these end to end tutorials these figures can be added later but think about this entire notebook being generated by one agent okay the other agent will now again uh check whether whe all the codes are running properly, whether the codes are properly documented. Uh those instructions you can have. Okay. So one for checking the documentation 
[19:19] and the comments one one agent again could run in parallel or you can combine them as you wish that all the codes are running properly and again recency of the API is being used. For example, um if you're using a older generation model in the generate code component, okay, it might refer to again models like JPT 40 mini which are again older generation not agentic in nature. So the JPT 40 they are not agentic uh 
[19:50] friendly models. I would say agentic friendly models are GPT 5 series. They are meant for agentic tasks. Okay. So the third agent uh can check for these uh kind of things also. Okay. So backto-back refinement and after two to three refinements you get a updated code with a updated models uh you know updated documentation everything properly structured then it goes to a copyriter which will do the section numbering title this and that. Okay. 
[20:20] Like the the there are no sections but you can also do the section numbering if you want. Okay. So let's say you want the section numbering also you can put those in the instructions that okay take this notebook as the input and do this section numbering uh make sure that it is adhering to so and so guidelines there is a proper introduction there is a in conclusion this and that if any of these components are missing put it there. So lot of you know use cases are there. Uh you can 
[20:54] reflect. Yeah. So this is the one which we are doing. Okay. So this is the one which we are doing reflective self- collecting code agent. And I think towards the end I have given some other examples also. So two more examples I have given. So one is uh GitHub copilot workspace. A developer can give copilot a high level task. For example, add a new API endpoint for user profile. Copilot will generate the plan and initial code and 
[21:24] then attempt to run uh the build and tests. If the test fail, it reads the log. So this can be done. Again, this is mostly what is happening in your cursor ID. Ultimately, they have built these agents. Okay, which is actually doing the same thing. So one agent will write another agent will verify and then code iteration starts on its own. So what you get at the end is a verified code. Okay. Mostly so you you don't have to manually verify. I mean if you had initially started using cursor exactly the same 
[21:57] time last year when the first version of the cursor ID was launched that was very buggy. I mean very naive things but then they later on went on kept on refining their agents. So this is actually being used Uh there is another agent uh sorry use case here uh automated data quality assurance agent. So agent is asked with writing a script to clean a data set generates the script and runs it on a sample data and then checks for the output for anomalies for example null values incorrect data type. If it finds 
[22:27] these issues it reflects on the problem and it writes the script to handle those edge cases. Perfect. Okay. So you see the agent two agents one is writing the code other is checking for anomalies if there are any unhandled edge cases okay it will give back uh that feedback to the generator code uh sorry the generator agent which will add those additional code for handling let's say those edge cases maybe missing values outliers okay anomalies in some 
[22:59] patterns and so on fine so after This what we'll be doing is the parallel execution the fan out pattern which is our lab number six and seven. Okay. Okay. So here it goes GP4 mini. I'll just change it to GPT 5 and close the 
[23:30] bracket here. Right. will no longer use the GPT4 mini going forward. Okay. So what is this doing? You have the code generation system prompt. Uh so this is your system role. You are a coding assistant. Ensure that uh your code you provide will be executed with all the required imports and variables defined. Make sure the 3 has some code to run. So this is how you have to 
[24:01] structure your codes. There has to be a prefix describing what solution you have implemented. Uh put all your imports here. And if there are no inputs needed, keep it as an empty string. But there has to be a import section. And then finally some code block functionality has to be there. And here is the user question. After that the user question will be appended. So this is the system prompt. I'll add this system prompt with the user and then the schema. That's what I told you. So these three things that you are 
[24:31] expecting the generator code will adhere to some schema. So let me define that schema here. So there will be a prefix section, there will be import section and there will be the actual code section. So this is already explained and now you are forcing the LLM to generate the code exactly in that structured format. Okay. And you can see the data type. It's a reable sequence that can be instantiated 
[25:02] directly. Yeah. Fine. So this is a code generator. Now code to find the factor of a given number. I mean you can just change this as per your wish. So can I get some requirement? I've just deleted that. Let's see if that works. So questions from your side. Let's see if your code. 
[25:50] No one wants to generate any code. I'm not able to see any response is asking codebased model that is your schema that is not the agent state yet that is the schema in which your code generator will give the output so this is the schema for code solutions so the agent state will have the name as agent state so don't worry so you should 
[26:21] always you write down the variable names exactly what they mean. So agent state will be called as agent state or state at least. Okay. So this is the uh schema that we want the LLM to adhere. Now which LLM the LLM part of the generator agent. So this is the LLM that will be you know bound to the generator. Clear? 
[27:01] uh pashant I just posted one let's see if that possible create opportunity record and if stage is missing I have no idea what that means can we have something which is easy for everyone to comprehend. I mean you can try that at your end and let me know if that works. But that's my sales for everyone to comprehend so that you know becomes easy. anyone else otherwise I'll take uh 
[27:33] because since no one else is responding this is my Salesforce world uh actually like so but again uh send email to executive this this is what uh workflow kind of a thing and you're looking for Python code yeah it it create opportunity and then it like if the stage is missing on that opportunity throw the error and once the stage move to stage 10 then it send out 
[28:05] the email. The problem is with this how does it uh verify whether the code is working because then it will also have to generate some dummy data to uh validate that workflow. Sure I think then yeah then second one sentiment analysis for a given text and send an email to manager. Okay. Now again sending email. How do you verify? So at max what it can generate is uh a 
[28:36] code which uses the SMTP library. SMTP uh that is a uh go to library for creating emails. But let's try this. Let's try this. Okay. What we get? So you have to give. So code Python code. Let's write it down. Specifically Python code to do sentiment analyzer for uh given text and send an email to manager. Okay, 
[29:06] let's let's run this. It should be able to generate something. Now whether that works or not, we'll see. So this is the code which uh finds the factorial of a given number which I generated. in the previous there is okay okay okay no no worries um I'll print that code part so this is the 
[29:37] code part this is the code part that we have got and show the ver lexicon is available otherwise I'll have to download the ver lexicon quite mode so there is one function which does the sentiment analysis okay uh it's a class okay and then compose compose email that's another function send email via SMTP I told you it will be needing SMTP library and then uh this is the final function which will combine all the above three functions and there is a main function 
[30:07] also right okay so some manager example.com replace with your manager's email and uh SMTP so only thing is checking this will work or not will need actual email actual uh thing. Okay. So, let's do one thing. Let's do one thing. I'll just copy the cell output. Okay. And I'll just paste it here so that manually I can check if there is 
[30:39] any error in the code. Okay. So, this was the whole code. I'm just manually checking if there is any NLT is not defined. Okay. I'll have to first import the import statements. Okay. So, let's see. So these are the import statements. I'm just manually checking first. Okay. And then we'll automate that process also. I'm just manually checking if that code works. 
[31:20] Okay. So Mary has another example. Okay, this looks okay. Positive, negative. Now what these numbers are, I'll have to see. Okay, three digits. 3D is your three digits. 0.969, 0.192, 0.0 0 negative 0.8 neutral. So mostly 
[31:54] that statement is neutral. It seems it got confused and this is the compound of all the three. Maybe some percentages are there. It has figured out. Looks that it is working. Let's take another example. You see we have been able to get it. So indeed this plan is working. Let's take the other example. 
[32:33] So for multi-line make sure that you are using three double code start three double code end. Receive promoters 9 to 10. 
[33:14] Okay, I think the formatting is correct. NPS psy net promoter score and see if that let's say I've just slightly formatted it to make it a bit more sensible. Okay. So see I have my system prompt plus the messages. Okay. That's what I told you. We'll combine the two and then invoke. Okay. So some code has got generated. 
[33:46] Let's see the code. So this is the complete code part. NPS code. There is a function and what else? There is an example usage also. Fine. Uh there are any imports. There are no imports needed. I mean you can actually now see if that works. So copy the cell output paste it here and let's see if that works. NPS is zero in which case 
[34:18] now you'll have to test for some of the example scores are there. compute score function. So some invalid examples, invalid counts, valid responses. A so total response provided is 15 out of that 11 was valid, four was in invalid. Okay. Yeah. So basically they give response 
[34:49] like a none. So it does the uh validation also, right? The score has to be numbers. Okay. So that validation is already there. So those are ignored I guess. Yeah. And then promoters are four, passives are three and detractors are four. So this is the overall score. And so it goes to zero. So let me just change some of these numbers. Okay. So 
[35:21] 8 976. Let me make this also as 8 and then this as nine a so there are already 9 10 11 so let's make this as four now let's see what happens so rounded nps iss 18 in this case so promoters are 45 passives are 27 detractors are looks that it is working okay now you'll have to find out whether 
[35:54] this is correct business-wise, implementation is correct business-wise that I cannot validate. Okay. So, but it has given a code which is working in the very first shot. Fine. Okay. So now uh what I'm going to create is the agent state schema. So this is our actual agent state. Okay. in which we'll have the error flag. Uh the messages. Now this will be in the 
[36:26] reducer add messages reducer. So all the messages will get added up. Okay. So these messages will come mostly from your uh customer plus the reflector. Reflector will keep on adding messages into this. Okay. And the code solution will be replaced every time um the new solution is available and number of it atoms will be incremented. So that will also be stored here. Okay. So this is the node function for the uh 
[36:59] generator. Okay. So this is reading the messages from the agent state. Number of attempts that has been done from the agent state. Initially that will be zero and now the code solution is created here and now we will record the chains answer into a new assistant. So basically what I have done is I have dumped the entire prefix plus the import plus the code. So all three things I have added to the 
[37:29] I have added to the messages. So that entire solution with the prefix imports and the code all three are added back to back. This is like concatenation only ultimately. Okay. So I've created a single string. This is creating a single string ultimately. Uh that becomes a new message and that single string gets uh flagged along with the assistant. So basically uh I'm adding messages as a tpple that whose message that is okay is it the user's message or the assistant's 
[38:00] message. So this is the assistant message. this entire thing that gets added to the messages and now I'm incrementing finally this function will update the incremented attempt the code solution okay uh entirely and the messages. So this looks good. Now the checking part of the code okay now you can uh use the exact function. So basically your uh reflector is using 
[38:30] the exact function that is to execute some Python code present as a string. So I'm just having a Python code in the string format. Can you see this is the Python code in the string format. Typically your LM will also return the code in the string format. The good thing is I can execute the code okay by using that exact function. if the entire code is in the form of a string. Okay, so you can just change these numbers maybe 35 and just verify that yes that 
[39:03] works. So this could be any Python code. Okay, I've just taken a dummy code here just to show you that what the exact function actually does. Okay, so if there is any syntax error, so for example, if I say 15 A, there will be a syntax error. Okay, so so you'll get some error. No doubt exactly at that syntax error. That's what I told you. Right. So that's a syntax error. So the entire Python code is a string and you are executing that string. Right? Now this is the node 
[39:36] function for your reflector. Okay. Which is going to check. So first it reads what all has happened. Uh it is reading the entire code solution and then separating the import and the code part separately. Okay. Because this code solution has three parts I told you, right? It has the prefix, it has the imports, it has the code. So I'm interested in the import and the codes and also reading how many items have happened. So first the import statements will be executed. That's what I told you right 
[40:07] back to back. I'm going to execute the import statements. If any of these import statements are failing, then obviously there will be an exception. I'm grabbing that exception and giving it back to the generator. Okay, please fix this import section. I'm appending that as a user message and then returning same thing. So once this entire try block executes without any error means all the import statements 
[40:38] are running without any error. Then we will start running the actual code. So scope contains your variables. Okay, because this is like a sandbox that you are creating. Okay, so this scope contains the names of those variables. Okay, so after importing all the sorry after executing all the import statements and the code, okay, where are you going to execute all of these within that scope? Okay, so it's not going to mess up with your Jupyter note, I mean this collab 
[41:09] notebooks variables. a new scope gets created behind the scenes. Okay, a new scope means a new global name space gets created. So this Jupyter notebook already uh has a nameace. We don't want to use that name space. I want this code to have its own nameace and that is what the name of the scope is. So if there is any error in any of these uh import statements will not have error but the code will have the error and I'm concatenating both the import and the 
[41:40] code errors sorry codes by giving an empty line. So first the all the import statements there will be a empty line and then all the codes right. So that entire block along with the import empty line and the code that is now getting executed and every time it gets executed with a fresh name space so that it starts from scratch. It's not reusing a previously created variable. Okay. So that's why this was initially empty and now obviously it will use that. 
[42:13] So if there is any error uh I'll grab that error ask this to reflect on this and try to solve and please return me the full solution after resolving that error and that's the message which I'll append it to the agent state. Now if there are no errors then obviously the final solution will also get the final solution will also get updated. Okay. Okay. Now this is a conditional routing. This happens 
[42:47] okay uh when two conditions are met. Okay. When the number of atoms have exceeded three or in the any one of the three attempts if the code solution works completely. So that is what you are saying here. Okay. So if there is any error then go back and regenerate the code. That's what you are doing. If there are no errors or if the attempts have exceeded 
[43:18] then the decision is to finish I mean go to end directly I mean do no longer do the iteration it's very simple here from here itself you can read so you need two information one if there is an error then this flag will have that this is like a boolean okay right Yes or no? It will have that error. Yes or no. And uh here you are updating that. 
[43:49] Now you can have it as a boolean also. True false. It depends how you are updating. In this case I'm updating it as a string. Okay. If you want you can update it as a boolean also. I mean this error flag could be a boolean actually true and false. Okay. Right now it is true and false in a string format kind of thing. So that is what you are checking whether there is no error or the number of atoms is greater than or equal to the number of atoms allowed. Now this is a constant. So if you go to 
[44:20] PEP 8 style guidelines all the constants must be in caps. Okay. So this is the style guideline. Pep 8 style guideline for Python. So all the constants are usually in caps. So that you can see naming conventions and constants. Constants. Okay, constants are usually 
[44:51] on a module level written in all caps with underscore separating them. Correct? So your code usually has to adhere these guidelines. Right? Fine. So that is why the max attempt is in all caps. So let's now let's build the graph. So importing the empty graph adding two nodes and attaching the function for those two nodes. Entry point is your generate code. So your user query will directly go to the generate code. From the generate code, the control goes to the check code. So 
[45:23] generate code is your generator. Check code is your reflector. And from the check code what will happen is decided by your function. Okay, your router function. So you are creating an conditional edge from this is your from and this is two. Sorry will be one of these. This is from one of these two okay will be decided by your function here. Now whether it goes to end or it goes to generate code back. Okay. So let's create this and uh let me 
[45:57] perfect. Okay. Now from generate it goes to check that is a sure shot. I mean that that is deterministic. Okay. But from check code it whether it will go to generate code or not. So can you see this is dotted which means this is conditional. So if the check code is giving any error then only it will go back to the generate code. If there is no error then it will go to re end. So these two are conditional uh uh you know executions and that condition is checked by this checkboard. 
[46:31] So let's run this. So this entire uh langraph agent that we have created coder agent is now wrapped into this function. That's again a usual practice I've been doing. Okay, I'm just wrapping that agent along with the prompt and verbose. So I can create whether I want the you know output of each and every step that is what the verbose controls. Okay. So and this is again for printing each of the events in the in case when verbose is true. Okay. And in any case 
[47:03] I'm also going to print the final solution whether verbose is true or false uh I'll still print the final solution. Okay. Okay. So write some code to demonstrate how to do a pivot table in pandas using some hypothetical back testing results data. Okay. Uh okay I'll just fine now earlier that code was written by GPT 40 mini. Now this is going to be GPT 5 mini. Let's see what happens. Now 
[47:36] these are very straightforward tasks. So I don't think it will produce any error or so. But uh let's see question in the chat if the execution happens in scope name space but if there is any error then the error also should be handled in the scope main python or what exist so error is not handled error is captured and the same error message is given to the generator code that's it 
[48:08] okay no one is trying to resolve that error only the LLM will get the feedback about what error came in which line. Okay, because usually the trace back will have all that information that is called as trace back. Right? So the trace back will have all the information that entire trace back is given to the generator code for seeing what is the change and then it will consider that trace back. See it is as good as what you are doing. you get an error you copy 
[48:38] paste it to charge GPT and ask for a solution. Same thing is handled by this agent back to back. So instead of me copy pasting the code to charge JP, it is internally doing the same thing. Clear? Okay. So here is my solution attempt. Uh this builds on a small hypothetical sales data frame to demonstrate the several use cases of pivot table. Okay. Good. So some original data frame is there. Uh you can also copy this cell 
[49:11] output. And so this is the final solution that it has given. And why did it go to the final solution? Because there was no error. That is why directly it came as final solution. If there was any error then let's see running the agent in syntax. Okay. Okay. 
[49:54] Yeah, it looks that it has worked. That is the entire solution which I pasted. So original data frame sum sales by region and product multiple aggregations sales with totals number of rows and then more aggregation. So that works. Yeah. So write some code to scrape data from any Wikipedia page. Okay. So let's see if that code works. 
[51:32] Okay. So this also it seems that it worked in one attempt. Find a solution here. It went and worked in one attempt. No errors found. Correct. So that worked in the signal attempt 
[52:03] fine. So we'll do one more thing. Okay. So this is the third attempt I'm doing for sentiment analysis using transformers. So let's see what it does also. 
[53:18] Okay, let's see what happens. So this is your user query. So here um again there was no error. So in all the three cases it has been able to do without any errors in the first attempt. Now this is a stress test. Okay. So, the prompt is this. 
[53:50] This is the prompt. Okay. And now I want to call this agent. Now let's see whether it is able to create that entire project. 
[54:53] Okay, it seems it worked. No errors also which is strange without error is finished. I was expecting that at least API and those things will get okay. So here is my code solution item. 
[55:26] Python codes intelligent router agent that analyzes okay then let's see the solution what it has done aa so it has created the vector store for embeddings and everything and retrieval also nice so open AI key it is able to probably fetch the open AI key from my environment variable itself this is Nice. 
[55:57] Yeah. So probably that is the reason it worked. And u this is for generating the embeddings. This is chat call wrapper for getting this. Okay. bill, billing, charge, invoice, error, bug, fail, acha. So, this is like doing the categorization. 
[56:28] Okay. Uh using manual rules. It's not using an LLM, right? And again, the sentiment analysis is also being used by some manual rules. A that is in the else condition. Yes. In the if condition, if there is open AI key available, then directly use the open AI. Make sense? Now generate a rag augmented response and then escalation 
[56:59] to a human and then router finally this is route y category same thing and build sample uh knowledge base correct sample knowledge base has been created we also use that JSON file right example run that demonstrates the system. Yeah, it seems to be correct. Actually, only red flag that I found was it's not using typical langraph agents. 
[57:32] Okay, because in the import statement there is no langraph. So, this has been completely created without any agent. It is possible because the workflow is more or less clear. So in this case it was possible to create it without the line graph also but yeah you can see this is pretty good. Okay use case 
[58:03] lang graph uh project let me retry it. Okay. Use the paint in this project. 
[58:41] with proper state management and conversational memory. Oh, now let's see what happens. This additional line will force it to use line graph now. Okay. 
[59:24] So this is the updated lab link. You can have it. Okay. Okay. Now it looks much more comprehensive. This is strange again. Nangra and it has finished without 
[59:57] conversation state memories there. Okay, it is creating the conversation memory as a class data class lm wrapper. So is it not able to understand lang graph? What is that langraph thing? That is strange again. Knowledge space has been created. Lang graph agent. It says lang graph agent but not using langraph 
[1:00:28] browser agent again any any reason that you can think of why is it doing this way or maybe I have provided too much information so it thinks I can do it without the agent So langraph like agentic rag system. So it has created a aentic rack which is 
[1:01:00] langraph like but still not using langraph. Okay. So but again I think uh let's go ahead and you can experiment with this notebook. Okay. So quite good right this. Okay. Any questions 
[1:01:32] before moving on to the next design pattern and the use case? 
[1:02:16] Okay. So, we can take a small break right now or we can take one more small notebook and take a break. That is also possible. 
[1:03:22] H. So maybe we can specify langraph workflow instead of just lang graph. Yeah, that's why probably it is trying to replicate line graph thing but not exactly doing that right 
[1:05:04] Okay, so here is the link for the next lab. So par execution steps 
[1:05:50] Yes. So, everyone has opened that 
[1:06:36] Okay, I started with the installations. 
[1:07:39] Okay. So this is the one which I have shared. So what we are going to learn in this how to run uh nodes in parallel. So till now we have been running nodes in sequence either iterative or straightforward as a workflow. But now we want to do parallel execution. So in this notebook we'll do a deterministic parallel execution. What it means is there will be two things which are fixed. Number one 
[1:08:12] uh two things which will be fixed and that is fixed number of branches. Let's say the branch one branch two and steps in these branches. So that is what 
[1:08:44] in the next notebook we will see how can we create variable number of branches and that variable is decided in runtime. by the LLM. So LLM decides how many parallel branches will be created. So right now we will have these fixed branches. Okay. And the number of steps again uh that will be mostly decided by the steps that will be followed in that branch. Okay. But uh you'll have to understand that this is what the current notebook is doing. We'll have two clearly outlined 
[1:09:17] branches that we are going to run. Okay. What it means is let's say this takes 10 seconds and this takes 20 seconds. So control will so once both of them or the output of both of them have reached then only this guy will execute. So this is going to wait until the output from all the branch nodes or rather the branches are received. 
[1:09:51] So this is going to wait 20 seconds. Remember that. Okay. And only this will execute when all the results from both the branches are available in the agent state. Okay. So there could be one of the branch which can act as a bottleneck. So that you have to uh you know consider while doing the architecture and the design. Okay. Is there any node which is causing unnecessary delay or something like that. But remember that the next step of 
[1:10:22] the workflow will only execute when all the branches have merged. And this merging will happen only when the output from this and the output from this are both available. Okay. So there could be difference in the execution times of each of these branches. Remember that because they are going to be run in two parallel threads. Think it that way. So this is called as fan out fan mechanism. Fan out means branching and merging is called as fan in. 
[1:10:56] So I've done the installations. Uh here I'm going to use the Wikipedia tool and te. So Wikipedia tool for searching and te again for web searching. So two things I'm going to use. So let's take a simple example of a linear workflow. Okay. I don't need to explain this directly. Let's see the graph and that will be clear. Okay. I just created four nodes back to back and just join them. Nothing more. Okay. This code should be quite self illustrative, right? So I build those 
[1:11:27] nodes and I am just building the edges connecting them together back to back point. There's the agent state which is very plain and simple. Um and this is your return node value. Basically uh what we are saying is when you execute any of these nodes then this is like a dummy function. This is like a dummy function for that particular node execution. Okay. So this is the function which will get called 
[1:11:58] okay when this is executed. So normally what we do is we attach a node function here. I'm not creating four different node functions. I'm just creating a single node function and attaching it to the four nodes A, B, C and D. So what will get updated in the agent state is this step A, step B, step C, step D. So this is the string which will get updated in the agent state. That's it. So no fancy stuff back to back. This is a linear agent. Okay. And uh if you see here 
[1:12:37] since I've not used a I'm using annotated list operator dot add. Okay. So I'm not using a reducer like add messages something like that. Since I'm not using a reducer what it does is there will be a overwriting. So I'll show you. So you see initially started with empty state then it uh you can say 
[1:13:09] uh this step a gets added and then this step a along with step b. So this is getting replaced the original list of the messages is getting replaced with this new list. You can see these each of these steps. So I think there is a add operator dot add. Yeah. Yeah. So because of this I think yes it is getting added. Yeah. And the final step has all the four states. So fine that is 
[1:13:41] clear. So each of the nodes executes and after each of the node which is executed this is the string which gets added to the agent state which is what you can clearly see one by one. Uh now fan in fan out uh how to do that? So first you need to design in this case you'll create four nodes again as usual there is no change only change that will be when you are connecting these. So you'll have to add a edge not a 
[1:14:13] conditional edge you'll have to add a normal edge from A to B and A to C. Okay. Earlier there were edges from A to B, B to C, C to D, D to N. Okay. Now we are what we are saying is there will be edge from A to B, A to C. Then there will be another edge from B to D, C to D and then D to end. So how many edges we will have? Start to A. Number one. Number two A to B. Number three A to C. 
[1:14:45] Number four uh B to D. Number five C to D. And number six uh D to B. So there will be six edges. And these are the six edges. Start to A, A to B, A to C, then B to D, C to D. That is a fan out part. You can see this is a fan out part. Yeah. And this is a fan in part where the merging is happening. Okay. Fan out, fan in. 
[1:15:17] So both are merging. And then this is day is ending ending the workflow and then you are compiling. So again no big deal. And let's execute that. So step A and you see B and C get simultaneously executed when the control goes to D. and the control goes to D. By the time B and C have simultaneously got updated or they have updated before the control goes to D. Once D executes they will add 
[1:15:49] that okay I am also done. Let me repeat this part. When the control goes to D by that time both B and C are done. Okay they are not being added one by one as in the previous case B and C were added. So first B was added then C was added. Now B and C get simultaneously added here in the same step. That means both were executed in the same step. By the time the control goes to D, once D is finishing, they will add that. Okay, I'm also done. 
[1:16:20] Okay. So now there is another example when the left branch has got one step, the right branch will have two steps. So what are the nodes you will need? A B C X D. So five nodes you will create and edges are simple. So start to A, A to C, C to D, then A to B, B to X, X to D and then X2, sorry, D to N. The same thing, whatever you see is what you will be doing. Exactly. Okay. So, 
[1:16:50] so when you execute this time, what will happen is this D will wait until both the branches are done. Okay. So after A, you will see C Bx simultaneously. Okay? You see A and then B C you see B and C are getting executed uh or you know initialized simultaneously and by the time it goes to D you'll also have the response from X. Okay, that's what I said. So by the time it goes to D you will also have the response from X and 
[1:17:21] then finally X D will update. Okay. Now let's make it to a real world use. Okay. So let's say for a any given query I want to do a parallel search, web search and a Wikipedia search. I'll retract the content from both and then generate a more comprehensive answer. Make sense? So here I'm using GPT5 mini model again. Uh temperature may not work. So just get rid of that. 
[1:18:05] H so this is my aent state question answer and the context simple okay um so here I'm uh importing my Wikipedia and TV this is a function which will do the web search uh using the tile this we have already explained And whatever the search results are. Okay. So three search results they will be concatenated one below the other by using empty lines and uh space 
[1:18:36] sorry uh dot or dash three dash. Okay. This is a function to search Wikipedia. How many documents to load? So top two documents for any Wikipedia query. So two documents from Wikipedia and three web searches. Okay. And then finally I'll concatenate all that information. So you get the context. So this is also going to update the context. Can you see both of them are going to update the context. Formatted search docs. Formatted search 
[1:19:08] docs. So both of them are taking your agent state. Okay. And both are updating the context. Here I am retrieving the context. Okay. And since both of them are ret you know updating the context you have operator do add. If you see yeah so operator do add so context is not getting overritten they will get appended as a list. So in one list you'll have documents from here and the second component in the list will be documents from here. A single list will 
[1:19:38] have two entries. One set of entries coming from here and one set of entries coming from here. Okay. So that becomes my complete context to answer the question. question is also getting updated in the uh agent state. Finally, uh this is your answer template. Answer the following question using this context. Very very basic prompt. You can make it polished. How long you want the response to be? What tone, how much technical depth you want 
[1:20:10] in that. So all those things you can add it in your template here. Okay. So template dot format question. So there are two variables in this question and this uh you know prompt template you can say that you have created and that prompt template is now going to your system message and human message. So basically this becomes your system message this part and then goes to your human message this part. So I'm just concatenating system message and the human message. Okay. And invoking the LLM call. Uh and then finally whatever 
[1:20:41] the answer I'm getting from the LLM is being updated here. in the agent state. So this is the agent uh state that sorry yeah graph that I'm building here. So same thing I'm adding a node search web adding a node Wikipedia adding a node generate answer. So three different nodes added and these are the respective node functions and then you are just connecting them. 
[1:21:20] So will the final join node wait? Yes, that is taken care of by the framework. Okay, so this will not execute unless I've got the search results and Wikipedia results both. Okay, the control will not allow to execute this node. Okay, so I don't have to write down any additional function for that. Okay, that is taken care of. So I've got the graph uh or the agent you can say. This is my agent ultimately. Now I can invoke with a 
[1:21:51] question. So if you want to do it this way or you can create uh if you go back I have been creating a wrapper function every time uh like so where is my previous project number five so normally I create a wrapper function for that reason it becomes easy for calling okay so just where is the wrapper function yeah so this is like a wrapper function you can implement Okay, all you have to 
[1:22:22] do is you just copy this wrapper function into your project number six and uh your graph is the agent ultimately with this question. Okay. So result let's see. So it is generating the final answer. It has got both the results. Now table results. 
[1:22:54] Okay. So we'll have to update the code later. We should be using pip install line chain tavly and then use tavly from tavly search. Okay. So try doing this later but at least for now it works. So I've got the final answer that is not printed but I can pull the final answer from the agent state. Yeah. So from the agent state this is the final answer that I have got. question was tell me about NVD and 
[1:23:26] its growth. Yeah. So this is what I have put. So in principle this works. Uh we can take a small break. Okay. And uh then we can continue to the next notebook where we'll convert this into a fully functional project. Okay. And uh another thing that we'll learn is uh send. basically we will be able to create parallel branches 
[1:24:00] non-deterministically I mean the llm will decide how many branches to get created so right now I had hardcoded these branches clear that was the main takeaway I had hardcoded these branches now in the next notebook number seven okay this llm will decide how many branches will be created and for that we use the send function so that is the new thing that we are going to learn and uh end to end actual project. Okay. So I'll just share the 
[1:24:31] notebook anyway. So in the meantime you can also keep your installations ready. We'll go for a small break. Okay. So I will also run these two cells. So what if the middle node error out uh it will end actually I mean the entire 
[1:25:03] graph will break if there is any error the entire graph will break. So Pan graph by itself it will break because my worry is like it should not go to the infinite loop and it cost the LLM. No no no it would not because we are not looping it back. So automatically there is no way it can loop back. Okay. So got it. 
[1:25:34] Or maybe I would suggest we already have the node functions. So try to make some uh you know syntax errors in those node functions and see what happens. You mean uh kind of catch the exception and break it from there, right? Uh end it kind of. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. 
[1:38:50] Okay, back. Okay. So what I had done here uh in the break is uh I purposefully added a code which I know will give an error. 
[1:39:21] Okay. Obviously. Okay. So this was not there originally and then building the graph did not throw an error but when the code is executed you can see so it's not going to go in an infinite loop your question I think maj See? Yes. 
[1:40:00] Fine. So once I have commented it, my code will work again. Yeah. 
[1:40:31] Okay. Next one. So I had already given a high level idea what we are going to do. Okay. So here we'll be using a concept similar to map reduce. So these are uh essential for efficient task decomposition and parallel processing. So mapping is to break down a task into smaller subtasks. Okay. And processing each of the subtask in parallel. So that is the concept behind map 
[1:41:01] and reduce means once all these subtasks are executed in parallel you'll get some results from each of these subtask. So you want to aggregate all those results of all the completed parallelized subtask. So that part is called as reduce. So map means you break down a complex task into smaller ones and start executing those smaller tasks in parallel. Okay. And then finally aggregate all the results. So that is the map reduce concept we'll be implementing in this project. 
[1:41:33] So it's like a project only ultimately. Uh so here we'll design a system that will do two things. Uh it will first create a set of questions about a topic and then answer each of those questions in parallel and the answers of all those questions will be compiled together as a comprehensive report which will be generated 
[1:42:03] based on those question answers on that topic and this will be generated by the LLM. Okay. So this is the overall flow. So user will ask a question let's say what is the impact of uh AI agents in uh job market I mean that kind of a thing okay or impact of AI agents in healthcare domain now this will generate a few questions okay and each of those answers will be searched okay 
[1:42:34] so right now I think it is not being searched it is being generated okay but you can also enable this to be a uh using a tavly. Okay, I think we are using tavly. Yeah. Yeah, sorry. So, we are using tavly. So, indeed each of these answers will be searched from web and then uh answer will be generated. All the three generated answers are given back to a compiled uh compiler kind of a thing. This is a reducer. This 
[1:43:04] is a reducer agent. Okay. So this is your mapper agent which will uh create the subtasks and assign and this is your reducer agent which will aggregate all those smaller answers and finally create a bigger proper complete response. So the new thing that we are going to learn is uh how many parallel execution steps are going to happen. We will not be hard coding it. Okay. So that will be decided by your mapper. Okay. that LLM 
[1:43:36] which we are going to use. Okay. So here are the agent state schemas that we have. Uh one question for the sorry one state for the questions list of questions. It will maintain a list of questions. This will have the question answer mapping. Okay. Then this is going to have the entire report and this is the overall state. Okay. where the user requested topic is there, list of questions are there, 
[1:44:06] answers list is there. Okay, now all the answers list will get added because of the operator dot add and then finally a report would be generated. Okay, so that report will also be added to the agent state. So later on we can fetch the entire report from this agent overall agent state. Okay. So this is basically another learning that we are getting that not necessarily your entire project may have a single agent state. Okay. You can have multiple agent states for multiple sub aents and so on. Okay. 
[1:44:40] Now we are going to use the send function. So that does the dynamic task distribution and also when we do not have a fake number of uh branches or what you call as edges. So it creates automatically and parallelizes like a router agent. Only difference from the router agent is router agent will typically execute one of the several branches but the send function will execute all the parallel branches. 
[1:45:11] Okay. So this is what we are importing from langraph.constance import send uh JP5 mini again we are using you can get rid of the temperature if you want and then this is a node function which will be used to generate the questions. So sometimes it might generate five questions, sometimes it might just 
[1:45:42] generate four questions, three questions which will be based on the complexity of the topic and that also you can mention it in the prompt here. So generate a list of concise sub questions related to the overall topic which would help build a good report. So follow these rules. Do not create very long questions. Number of questions should be always three for simple topics and for more complex topics you can like impact of outlook or these are more like subjective in nature for that you can have five questions or 
[1:46:13] you can improve this as well. Okay. This is just one of the illustrative prompts that I have. Okay. And the variable in this is your topic. So that goes to the prompt template which goes to the structured uh output. So here this is going to create questions. So you have to map it to the pyantic schema. Here I'm using is this. Okay. So the base model is again coming from pyantic. So this is mapped to a pyic schema which will generate a list of questions as the 
[1:46:44] output. Fine. So next this is going to generate answers to those questions. Okay. So and it will map to your answers schema. Okay. So generate the answers about this question. So this will be you know uh called back to back sorry in parallel and then finally note to continue to the answers. Okay. So this is this is the one which does the parallel execution. 
[1:47:16] Okay. So this generate answer multiple copies of this generate answer will be created. That's the point here. Okay. So multiple copies of this function will be executed in sub parallel threads. So if there are five questions, so five copies of this function will execute in five different threads. And who makes sure the send function? Okay. So here which function to parallelize? Okay. And you are mapping the questions to each of these 
[1:47:46] nodes. Okay. Five nodes let's say. So each question is mapped to one of the node. Okay. For question in states. So if the number of questions here is three then three times this will be copied and you are just mapping. So here you are mapping the question with the answer generator and how many such question answer generators will be created based on how many questions are present in the list of questions. Finally this is for compilation. So once you have all the answers from all these 
[1:48:18] parallel branches okay you are just joining all of them okay so once you have joined the question and answers that becomes our complete context now this is the final prompt to so below are a bunch of question and answers so about the topic so this is the user generated topic and then a detailed report for this topic basically that is the context Okay, so this will be going to a prompt template and from 
[1:48:50] there it goes to the structured output for the report and then you are invoking with that prompt template. Finally, the report will be updated in your agent state. Yeah, I was also wondering this is already agent types. Okay, let's do that change here. Uh, today only I was making those changes. 
[1:49:26] Fine. So, this is gone. Now, let's build the agent graph. Okay. Compile it and print. Okay. So, genet questions. Can you see this dot here? Dot means how it does not go to a single node. It will create parallel copies of those nodes. So if I want to draw this, this is how it will look. Okay. So from start, it goes to generate questions. 
[1:50:02] Okay. And let's say three questions are generated. So three branches will be there. Oh, 
[1:52:30] Okay, sorry I'm back. So what I was saying is okay. So this generate questions node is going to create let's say three questions assuming. So this generate answer this generate answer and then generate answer. So this node gets copied three times. Okay. 
[1:53:02] And for each of them the reducer is your compile report and then it goes to the end. So this is how the entire workflow is right now. Okay. If you want to use any or an agent builder kit, this is how you would actually be doing. Now only problem is your agent builder kit will not allow you to create these many nodes 
[1:53:32] in real time. So how many times this could be three this could be five this so that is why those kind of workflow automations work for more you know deterministic cases but for these kind of cases where you want much more flexibility you have to you know go back to a programmatic library like these where you can solve all of these kind of edge cases and exotic conditions. I hope this is clear 
[1:54:04] everyone. What is going to happen in this? Any questions? Okay. So now I'm going to test my agent. Okay. The topic is artificial intelligence or uh so in this case I'm expecting three questions. That's a very straightforward. So I'm just checking if compile report is already present then it will just fetch the So this is the list of 
[1:54:35] questions. What is artificial intelligence and the main types and what is AI's major application in industry impact and what is AI's main risk ethical issues and governance options. So three questions and uh these are the three answers which have got generated 1, two and three. Okay. So question answer mapping is there and now the compilation part is happening. Okay, super. So you see this is the compiled report finally. 
[1:55:08] Okay, sector specific impacts three major applications. So if you ask what is AI, it will not give you this level of clarity. I mean you can just go ahead and ask chart GPT directly. It will not give you this level of answer. No way. Nowhere close. Okay, go to chart GPT. Even if you are using the best GPT 5.2 thinking model and ask what is artificial intelligence see what is the kind of output you get. 
[1:55:39] Okay. So it will give you what technical detail it is but not the impact on the industry which is what we are mostly looking for. So it is giving all the terms types of AI by capability and a simple example. You can also try it. I mean there is nothing hidden hidden in this but this is also giving you by capability by functional architecture by technical approach it is there you you can see very well but major applications nowhere I can see any application 
[1:56:11] yeah sorry these are applications yes I can see some applications are there uh sector specific and then cross cutting economic other things ethical there is nothing nothing on the governance and uh options So those things are completely missing and the risks implementation priorities trade-off I mean this is quite good already right impact and applications of AI in healthcare domain now this is again going to be a more exhaustive one so at 
[1:56:43] least I'm expecting five questions so what is the primary AI application how does AI affect diagnosis treatment planning and decision making what evidence exist on AI's impact on patient outcomes and healthcare cost what ethical legal and data privacy challenges arise with AI what barriers so these are five questions let me use the same in the chat GPT and even if 
[1:57:14] I enable the web search which was probably not there uh web search yeah so now I'm enabling the web search let's see what I The best 5.2 model is 20 times costlier than the model that we are currently using. Okay. So what is behind making the prompt better answer than chat? See it is not 
[1:57:46] only the prompt, it is the architecture of the implementation. Okay. So you are getting five different questions, five different answers and now you have to combine all of that. So five these these five questions or three questions are providing you three completely different perspectives. Okay, which are not duplicated I would say. Now the generated answer already will take each of these perspectives. That is why your generated answer is much more uh 
[1:58:18] inclusive, much more comprehensive, right? Such a thing is not being done here. Addition of te makes even more up to date. Yes, te is being used as a web search. So that's what we did in the start, right? So each of these answers are actually done by a tely web search. So here indeed we are getting see the moment I enable the web search I'm able to get quite a good response here well 
[1:58:48] we can compare so AI used in healthcare screening medical imaging diagnostics clinical decision support systems and uh EHR electronic health reports patient engagement and front door triage and uh operations management drug so almost six and then evidence what is the impact So key risks very good. So already now let's see what our response is. 
[1:59:20] Okay this is the response that we are getting now impact and applications of this executive summary uh primary AI applications in the healthcare. Okay, I've got all the applications back to back again the same diagnostics, great drug discovery, robotic everything. How the effects in diagnosis, treatment planning, clinical observation, benefits, risk and limitations. Okay. And then practical takeaways, legal and regulatory issues, privacy, security, governance, those kind of 
[1:59:51] things are not discussed in this barriers to large scale adoption, future directions, recommendations for the stakeholders, developers, vendors. See all these things are completely missing. Okay, these are these all perspectives are missing because it is purely focusing on what the user's intent was. Okay, impact and application. So that is where so you can get a much more enriched report in such cases right again there 
[2:00:21] is one more impact of AI on jobs in uh SAS domain. Let's say uh industry let's see how it happens or we can AI agents let's use this way 
[2:00:51] is our compile report node calls lm for summarization of all the yes so all The five answers are generated individually that also you can recover because agent state already has it. Right now I'm recovering the compile report from the agent state but technically your agent st agent state has everything. Maybe I'll show you uh the individual answers also but answers are there. You can see individual answers are there. So question and answers are there. 
[2:01:24] So if you pull up this this has the question and the answers or if you want you can have the list of answers directly. So questions list answer. So maybe we can just check the overall state and see. Okay. So this is the final report that I have got. Okay. For the SAS uh okay AI agents will materially reshape in the next decade. Near-term one to three I will see rapid 
[2:01:56] augmentation via co-pilots embedded assistance medium-term multi-step task cross system orchestration and 7 plus years highly autonomous agents will be there and uh which SAS job roles are being most vulnerable which are customer support based no doubt okay sales developments basic content marketing production manual QA data entry atl implementation and onboarding kind of simple things junior routine software 
[2:02:26] engineering tasks. So today only I was discussing about all these things with one fellow. Yeah. So some realistic timelines have been given but we might even reach these timelines much much faster given the rate at which the advancements are happening. Okay. Yeah. So right. Okay. So 
[2:04:27] Okay. So you will be able to get the result of the last. So compile report is only updating the report part. Okay. Which is what I'm getting as a response. It is only working on the report. Okay. So, 
[2:05:10] let's do this. Extract the answers from the over. 
[2:05:41] This is only giving me the compile. No, this is not correct. 
[2:06:34] generate on surf. Okay, let's do the other way around. It's coming from here. 
[2:07:51] It has only keys doesn't have the answers. Maybe let's ask Germany. How to of agent? 
[2:08:24] Oh, maybe there is a simpler way. We haven't yet saved it in the way that it can be directly exposed. So, answers are not directly exposed. Although while the agent is executing, I'm printing all the question answers. But uh you can see it is being printed because of this. So final state get aa get method I'm 
[2:08:57] using okay except and let's run this topic is quantum computing it knows some of my favorite topics from previous executions it seems Germany is also getting intelligent Why is it taking so much time 
[2:09:32] string agent invoke and then state aa so I'm not uh calling it in a streaming mode which is why this is going to finish and then only give me the everything in the previous cases I was invoking in the streaming mode. Yeah, agent stream. Which is why I was getting each and every step one by one. Now I think I've got the end. Yes. So you can see your question 
[2:10:04] answers are there. Total collected answers is five. This the question answer question answer question answer. Okay, perfect. That works. H let me just see if I can do this in the stream mode. But usually I mean 
[2:10:34] I think this is already good. So we'll not disturb it unnecessarily. This already works. Okay. Just refresh your notebook. this code will get updated. Okay, so this is the additional code which I just added nothing else everything was the same. So is there a way to find out uh where the model gets the information and provide a list of references that is from the TV again. So if you want to also print the context for each 
[2:11:06] okay so then in that case you'll have to modify the prompt okay so that it also exposes the references and which is what I'm doing in the next lab deep structure this is the one which you are asking for uh tim okay in this case I'll just show you the final output and you will be like oh this is what I wanted Right. So, so, so, so, so, so you can take any one of them. I'll just show you detailed 
[2:11:37] report on how to build agents, this and that. This is all the complete execution introduction, sources, then this, sources, then this, sources, then this, sources, then this, sources. Is that what you want? And then final conclusion and summary report. Yeah. So it's already there. Fine. So let's move on to this one. 
[2:12:09] Let's finish this. I think we are already getting a requirement for this. So that was anyway the planned next. Okay. So here uh we have to be careful that this agent will do a lot of searches and if you are running this entire notebook too many times you will easily exhaust your API limits for te. So you have to remember that. 
[2:12:40] Okay. So te currently we are using is a free plan. 
[2:14:19] H. Why is this not working? This is strange. 
[2:15:32] Anyone can think of what is happening here. So speed is not a problem. Why is this cutting? Yeah, it's not a problem. 
[2:16:05] Why shaving is not working? or else I download this notebook and give it to you. So this is number eight. You can upload and 
[2:17:03] Fine. So, let me start with the installations and then in the meantime I'll continue with the explanations. Uh I have shared this lab in the chat. You can download and upload it in your Google Drive and execute. I don't know this is giving a trouble while sharing. 
[2:17:46] Okay. So you have to remember this. You can also use uh brief. So heavy web search versus brave search. Let's see. So there are two options for the search APIs. So although we have been using tavi but you can also check this brave. Brave 
[2:18:18] also has very good or you know considerable free tier limits. So table is a AI agent oriented web retrieval stack. It's not a SCP search. So I I think I have already told you what is a circle tool. So search engine retrieval page. So web search and brave web search. So the form perspective of building LLM 
[2:18:50] apps and agentic workflows. So it also does the content extraction and crawling via single API position itself as a real-time search extraction, researching and web crawling. um independent search index which endpoints for web, news, images, videos plus LLM context and answer summarization options. So that option is also there with brave. Okay. So core capabilities and the 
[2:19:21] difference. So Brave returns well structured snippets and rich result object does not focus on pulling the full page content as a part of the core search response. Brave explicitly contrast itself with its services like tei that pull raw content. Okay. Telei will search extract the raw content. Okay. And you can get that entire raw content also full content without stitching multiple vendors together. Fine. So if you need full article 
[2:19:53] parsing or crawling uh with first class features as if you need high quality search engine result page plus snippets plus media news endpoints then go for brief. So maybe for let's say stock markets or something like that brief might be better okay because you don't need too much detailing but you still want to go with the latest media reports news and those things. 
[2:20:24] Uh yeah and pricing free tier uh we get 1,000 credits per month and then you have the pay as you go monthly plans. Brave is also request based. This is credit based. Okay. So $5 per thousand request. I think monthly five monthly credits are there which means indirectly you get 1,000 requests. Okay. Cost intuition brief per request pricing 
[2:20:54] is very predictable for SER only workflows. Table cost depends on how many credits each operation consumes. Fine. Okay, you can go through this. Ah, okay. So now advanced version of the previous notebook or workflow. Okay. So 
[2:21:26] I'll submit a topic that will go to the planner. Okay. and uh that will create a so of course it direct doesn't jump into the planner it will go via a prompt template okay now that report planner is equipped with a web search tool like in this case teav uh so overall objective is deep research and structured report generation so I will be asking to generate a structured report on a specific topic now since it 
[2:21:59] is a structured report the structure of the report is set. So the report will have a introduction that will have few sections and then it will have a conclusion. Now how many sections the planner will decide based on the topic. There can be three sections, five sections, eight sections. Let the planner decide based on the complexity of the topic and you know the kind of user has asked. Okay, clear. But in any case there will be a highle 
[2:22:30] introduction and a conclusion. So idea is that we'll use that planner. Let's say the planner says uh for this report I'll go for five sections. All the five sections should be written in parallel and that is what this green boxes are. Okay. Or three sections are being written. So this green box is where your section writer agent is. This is a section writer agent. Okay, which will run in parallel. So all the three 
[2:23:00] sections, five sections or whatever be the number of sections that will be written in parallel. How? First again when the topic for that section goes to the researcher agent. Okay, this will be equipped with a web search tool. So before writing down anything, okay, in fact it's not its job to write down anything. It will only do a research. So in the section one let's say some uh particular subtopic is going to be discussed. So it will do a web search 
[2:23:31] for that particular subtopic by generating another three four sub questions. Okay. And all those web search results will be given to the writer. The writer will actually write down the sections. So let me repeat. researcher will get the subtopic what the report planner has you know uh identified. Okay, it will get the subtopic. Now based on that subtopic it will again do a web search. 
[2:24:01] So there is one level of web search done by the report planner to identify the sections. For each of the section once again the researcher will do a web search. Let's say I am retrieving the five results. Those five results are given to the section writer. Section writer will write down the report and update it in the agent state. So imagine that this is my agent state and so this kind of a agentic uh workflow will be run in parallel for 
[2:24:33] each section. So when all the three sections are written then format section what is this block going to do? Now this block will combine all the sections back to back. section one, section two, section three. That is what this guy will do. It will combine all the three sections, five sections, whatever be and it will give to this writer, final section writer. Now, this guy will write down the introduction based on the section contents and also write down the 
[2:25:03] conclusion based on the section contents because introduction has to speak what we are going to talk about in that article. Conclusion means what we have talked about already and maybe the next steps maybe the future outlook. So those kind of things we normally discuss in the conclusion. Okay. The potential applications implications interpretations kind of things. Introduction is the agenda for that particular topic or for that report sorry. Right? So the sections have to be 
[2:25:35] written as per the agenda. So you cannot write down the introduction and then the later on sections. Okay. So since the section contents are available now it's much easier for the um LLM to write down the introduction se uh session. It's just similar to like for a research paper you write down your entire research paper and at the end you write down the abstract and the conclusion. Same story right now the only thing is the parallel 
[2:26:07] execution of the following section. What it means is the introduction section and the conclusion both these sections will be written again in parallel. So individual subsections will be written in parallel and the final sections which is introduction and the conclusion will also be written in parallel. So all of them will update to the agent state. From the agent state this node will pull out all the results and then generate it in a uh this this is just doing string concatenation. Nothing else. It is just concatenating the introduction with the 
[2:26:38] sections and at the end conclusion. It is just doing a string concatenation. So this is a node function and then the final report will be given to you. Any questions in the workflow? 
[2:27:09] So this is all explained here. Let's uh there is a question in the chat. How much usually we consume? I'll talk about that. So that is based on how many web pages you want to retrieve from tely for each web search. Okay. And how many questions are getting generated. So it's a multiplier. Okay. So we are creating all these states now. Uh this is for the section. 
[2:27:41] Okay. Uh so state to keep a track of the sections. So I have the section name section. So this is going to be a pyic schema. This is not a agent state. Let me tell you these are all uh see these are the states. Okay. uh I think it's better to put them in a separate code block. Let's call them as agent states. 
[2:28:15] Whereas these are pantic schemas pantic schemas for the lm. Okay. So, section writer agent will use this. Okay. Let's say it will have the name of the section description and then what all research has been done and the final 
[2:28:47] content that it will write and update it in this field. What all sections have sorry this report has how many sections? So it will have a list of the section uh titles. So this is only to have the section titles. This is again querying. So basically for writing each section it will do a query. So this is the schema that will be used for that. And this is again a list of web search. So it's like 
[2:29:17] a individual query and this is a list of those queries. This is like a individual section and this is like a list of sections. Okay. So when you are going to actually bind this with the nodes that will become more clearer. Okay. So this has the report topic basically coming from the user. Okay. This is the state input. So this is the input state for the entire report generation and the output state. So basically your last 
[2:29:49] agent uh which is a compile report okay node that will update the final report okay and your planner agent will make use of this. Now the report state uh again uh what is the running state of the report? So what is the overall topic? How many sections are there? It's uh the list of all the sections. How many sections have been completed? So that's what I said. This keeps a track of the running report 
[2:30:20] sections from search. So this basically a string of com any completed sections from the research to write final section. So we have uh the writer agents those green blocks right. So how many of those are complete and then the final report. Okay. So one by one this will get updated. So you can say this is your final agent actually. This is our final agent actually. Two more intermittent agents are being used. Uh states are being used. Sorry. So this keeps a track of the section. So this 
[2:30:51] section is coming from the previous state here. uh class sorry. So yeah so report section and then um search queries. So all the search query that we have defined above. So you see this is like a schema. So how the sections will be reported and saved in your state. This is the pyic schema. Okay. So I'm making use of this pantic schema section that so that each section 
[2:31:24] has a proper structure when it is updated in the agent state. So each section will have a name, will have a description, okay, will have a research component and we'll have the content path. Okay. So each section which gets updated in the agent section state will have that structure. Okay. Again for all the queries I'm using this pantic schema okay for the queries and for each query search I'm using the search query. So 
[2:31:54] this is for the individual search queries and then source string is there report sections and completed and this is the section output state. Okay. So this can be a bit confusing. I would strongly suggest that I will not invest too much time in you know uh discussing these. uh what I would suggest is uh you can do 
[2:32:27] one thing after the session if you find that this is very confusing okay that is completely uh you know expected because as we are moving towards more advanced cases okay the codes can become really daunting okay so I was uh in similar shoes so I can tell you my ex with my experience okay so that is not unexpected What I used to normally do is upload this to charging and ask it to explain each of these classes why it is 
[2:32:59] needed where it is being used two specific questions why it is needed where it is being used give me a sequential answer and explain me what is happening in each so that's your exact prompt okay it will explain you everything right but I have already given a highle explanation there okay now coming to the utility functions now okay this will so for example this uh run search queries so that will runs asynchronously which means in parallel okay synchronous means 
[2:33:30] sequential so first I'm creating a data class that will be used to handle the objects created from the llm responses so search query and uh there I'm updating the so this is as a dictionary you can see okay the query string Bey search wrapper is going to be used. Yeah. So async again which means this function run search queries will be used 
[2:34:02] in multiple nodes asynchronously. So this is the function which will be used in your uh send function that will be used by your send function. Right. So the function which is going to run parallelly in multiple threads make sure that is the async mode. Okay. So that each function takes its own time and the system waits for the execution end of each of these functions. 
[2:34:32] So how many number of results? So this number can be increased or decreased. So for each query five results will be retrieved. Okay. include the raw content. Uh I have made it false. Uh if you want to make it true, you can do that. But the number of token consumed will be a lot. So that is one thing you have to remember. Okay. So in one case, people reported it goes to even 200 to 300,000 tokens in the last batch. Okay, which is why I 
[2:35:03] made it false. 200 to 300. and their um they were receiving uh 429 error that is a rate limit error. They were easily going with a rate limit error. Reason for that is again for most of you people in fact all of you are having your openi account in the tier one. I never received that uh because my account is running in tier three my organization account is running in tier five. So I have a much much 
[2:35:35] higher rate limit. So I never have a problem running this code at my end but you guys might have as it was reported in the some of the guys by previous batch. Okay. So make sure that the token usage is so again you can control the number of tokens by decreasing the number of results that is one approach or not using the raw content to generate the uh section content that can also be another approach. 
[2:36:07] Okay. So for each search query again you are getting the query string and then you are asking that heavily search. Okay. Um so number of results advanced mode include the answer on answer no and the content so this is the flag basically which I have made it false it's the flag and if there is any exception I am just going to take care of that as well and then uh execute all the searches concurrently so all the five searches 
[2:36:39] will be made okay and I'm going to await until I get all the results. So this is your async io. So basically this function search task okay will be run and all the outputs will be gathered and saved here in the search docs. Okay. And here I'm just checking there is a possibility that one of the searches might have failed and your search docs are having some document which is empty. So if it is not an instance of the 
[2:37:10] document. So basically if that document is empty that will be skipped. Okay. And only the valid results will be present in this list. Those results of the valid list. Sorry, those list of valid results will be uh you know returned by this function otherwise this function will give you a list of empty. Fine. So this is also done. 
[2:37:43] Format search query. Now this is to format the search query and the search query results ultimately. Okay. So here I'm using the GPT4. Now you might need to change this if you are going to use the GPT5 mini model but for now let's keep that same. What is the LLM that I am using? Maybe I have mentioned that not yet. 
[2:38:15] Now here this is needed because of the tick token. So what I'm trying to do here is for each of the search results I'm going to take maximum of 2,000 tokens. So for the token counting so in this case see this is the very important keyword here. Okay I might have 10,000 also in that case let's say 10,000 tokens. Listen to me in terms of calculations. Okay. Okay, just look at the calculations. So, 2,000 per query. 
[2:38:46] Let's do that. H. So, this is 2,00 into five queries. Okay. Per section. Let's say multiplied by 3, four, five sections. Okay. So, this comes out to be how much? um plus plus again + 2,000 into 5. So that 
[2:39:18] is one more let's say for the planner. This is for the planner and these are for the section writers section because the planner is also going to use five queries. Okay. So for each of them I'm assuming that we are going to use the top 2,000 tokens only. Okay. So how much is this? So this is ultimately 2,000 into 5 into 5 + 1 is 6. Correct? 
[2:39:50] So 30 30 into 2 is 60 and that becomes 60,000 tokens easily. Yeah. So in my previous case I had not limited this. So this was I think 8,000 and in that case uh 8 into 30 was 240,000. Okay. And that was exceeding the context window. So right now this will fit into the context window. Fit into the context. 
[2:40:20] Okay. So this is per section. Remember that. Sorry. This is not about the context. This is also fitting in the um token per minute. Uh context window is not a problem. Sorry, it is also going to be a problem. Not so this is the second problem. So one problem is the context window. Context window because the section writer 
[2:40:52] your section writer will take how many these many tokens for the context window of the section. But parallelly since all of these are being done parallelly you also have to take care of the second problem and that second problem is your token per minute and token per day rate limits. These are the rate limits. So two things you need to take care of. One is the rate limit and one is the context window. So before we go ahead let's move on to this page and explore 
[2:41:25] these two constraints. So go to platform.openi.com. It might ask you for login. Just loging in and go to your settings page. From there go to your limits page. I think organization limits page will have everything and then it will tell you the usage tier. Okay. So I'm just sharing this direct link. Just take a minute and review your own rate limits. 
[2:42:09] So here are your rate limits. Okay. So context window that is for the constraint of a model. Okay. So I think both of them are there. So model constraints are there. context window that is not going to change as per the tier which model are you using let's say GPT5 mini model are you are using so open AI models go to that page so model context window doesn't change with accounts so JP5 mini 
[2:42:39] or for mini we are going to use let's say I think in this so you can go to models models for 
[2:43:10] So this is the GPT4 mini model that we have been using. Okay. And here the context window size is 128,000 tokens. Okay, which can easily exceed and we are already talking about 50,000 60,000 tokens. Okay, so the moment you increase that 2,000 to 5,000. So 5,000 into five queries into five sections parallelly. 
[2:43:41] So that will easily go for 125,000 tokens and you are going to you know reach the context window remember that that's why I limited it to 2,000. So 2,00 into five queries is 10,000 and uh five sections parallelly. So 2 into 5 is 10 and 10 into 5 is 50. So 50,000 will be the utilization of the context window. 50,000 tokens. That is 
[2:44:11] the calculation simple. So we are well within the context window of that model. If you're using GPT 5 mini, this context window is already 400,000 tokens. So that is still not a problem. Okay. So this is much higher for a GPT 5 mini model. Okay. But again as I said there are constraints regarding the so GPT 5 mini is 4 million tokens per minute. That is in my account. Okay. Can anyone tell me what is the uh GPT 40 mini? 
[2:44:45] I have the 40 mini. So now those are also getting deprecated which is why it is not showing the other models. Okay. So I would suggest you to use GPT 4.1 mini instead of using 40 mini. Okay. That's much better. So request per minute is not exceeding. We are hardly making how many requests. So five for sections, one for um no no not five in fact 10. For each 
[2:45:17] section we have a researcher and a writer and then there is a planner. So planner is making one API call five sections and five writers. So 5 + 5 is 10. And obviously planner and the section writers will be back to back. So but let us assume all of these are happening in 1 minute only. Okay, might take time because web search will also take time, compilation will take time, then introspection will take time. Worst case, let's assume that the planning and the section writing is 
[2:45:48] happening in the same minute. Then so planning will take one API call. Okay, one request that is section writing five sections. Uh so five uh researching, five writing. So 5 + 5 is 10 + 1 and uh 11 and your uh compilation and introduction and conclusion sections being written. So two more. So 11 + 2 is 13. So hardly 13 to 14 API calls you are 
[2:46:18] making. So number of requests per minute will never exceed. What will exceed is the token per day. Uh sorry this will also not exceed because this is 80 million. So high chances that this will also not be hit. This is the one which will be hit most likely. So can anyone tell me what is the uh limit that you see in your usage tier? For me it is 2 million tokens. So this is the one which will constraint your 
[2:46:49] so 4.19 40 mini. Yeah, this is 4 million tokens per minute and uh 4.1 is 2 millions that is also four million tokens and GPT 5 mini is also four. So all these are 4 million tokens in my account. This might be 500,000 tokens in the UCS tier one. 
[2:47:20] 500,000 tokens not more than that. Anyone can confirm most likely it will be 500,000 tokens. Yeah, Prussan. Mine is free account and it's 500,000. Correct. That's what I remember. Right. So, it is 500,000 tokens and that is more likely to be m that's what I told you. Okay. And we are already counting the token limits. So, you have to be careful. Okay. So that was the main reason to limit it to 2,00 only because if you don't limit it most likely your 
[2:47:54] your rate limit will be reached. So context window might also exceed okay both. So one or two depends okay on the query and the topic. So it could also hit your context window depends on the model that you have chosen but more likely instead of the con context window it will hit your rate limits first. Okay. So just to be on safe side I have kept 2,000 which is quite decent. Okay. 
[2:48:24] 2,000 tokens means roughly 1500 words. 1500 words is quite good. Okay. I'm just taking the first truncation. This is just going to be truncation. I'll show you max tokens. Where is this being used? You can see this is pure truncation. I'm just taking the first 2,000 tokens. Okay. And then remaining I'm just skipping. So may not be a good idea. Okay. You might make a API call and summarize that. That can be another 
[2:48:56] strategy. So which means for each search result you are making a summarization okay uh in let's say 500 tokens that entire web page might contain 50,000 token doesn't matter that 50,000 token will be summarized in 500 tokens that could be one more strategy okay so instead of taking a truncated token as first 2,000 tokens let me repeat this part of the statement itself okay can be replaced by sis You see this raw content 
[2:49:28] is there. This raw content the problem is this raw content contains all the uh 40 50,000 tokens. Okay. So this raw content can be summarized by an LLM which is already t is already you know giving it but if you just don't want to trust that tly summary you want to generate on your own that also can be done. So the truncated tokens can be replaced with the summarized tokens in that case. Okay. So let's check this. 
[2:50:02] H so that is what is happening. And then encoding is basically getting the token ids. Encoding means getting the token ids for which model? GPT4 model. You can replace this with GPT 5 model. GPT5 mini model. Whatever model that you want to use. Let's make it GPT 4.1. H. Okay. And then uh different response format. So sometimes te gives you list, sometimes it gives you a dictionary. So that is what I'm just checking if it is a list or if it 
[2:50:33] is a dictionary of lists. It could be list of dictionaries also. So many times there are uh inconsistencies. It could be a list of dictionary or dictionary of list either way. So that's why you have these two conditions. And if it is not a list, sorry, if it fails, then no such results. Fine. Now this is also very important. Okay. Same or similar content is being retrieved by many such uh web searches. So we want to do a 
[2:51:04] dduplication of the URLs also so that I keep the unique sources because you are going to add up all the content from these sources to the LLM. So you don't want to keep dumping the same results every time, right? So I'll do that dduplication based on the URL and then uh format the outputs. So here I'm just going to add up. Can you see plus equal to plus equal to means you are just concatenating after formatting. So first the title will be there then the URL will be there and then the most relevant content. Okay. So 
[2:51:37] this is the content you are getting from your uh tely search that is the summarized content but if you also want the raw content then you can also add it to your formatted content after truncation. So here the content is the summarized result from tei. I've already mentioned that tei gives you a summarized uh API call okay that gives you um content which is already in the summary. Okay. But it will also give you option 
[2:52:08] to have the full content as the raw. So this is the raw content part and I'm taking the first 2,000 token from the raw content plan. Everything added and that is the formatted text I have. Now let's check for a query here. Let's say quantum computing is the topic which I want to check and also include the raw content. So yes, you can see the raw content has lot of URLs and everything. So I'll just go for the first first results first result 
[2:52:40] sorry. So this is the query follow-up questions are none answer and then uh there are no images results. Okay. So these are the results. This is a list. Okay. So this is the first URL from where I got and this is the title of that web page. This is the quantum sorry content. Now this is the content which was generated by TV's LLM. Okay, this is the content which was generated by the TV LLM. What is the relevant score with my query? So it's 
[2:53:11] like 99.8% matching with my query and then the raw content which is coming. So once this finishes then the next URL would be there. then the next URL, next title, next u content from the table, the similarity score and then the raw content and so on. So this way all the five results are populated. You can see this. So doc zero is your first result that you are retriving. 
[2:53:41] Okay, this is the first result that I have retrie. Now we want to see how the formatted output looks like. So max tokens is 500. I'm saying that was a configurable uh parameter. So earlier I had hardcoded it to be 2,000. Now that I'm changing it to 500. So basically what it is doing is again second level of truncation. So for each search result I take the first 500 tokens only. 
[2:54:12] Okay. So now let's see the output. Yeah. So it is going to print the first 500 tokens from each of those five search results. So this is how it comes. Fine. So this is a report structure uh report structure uh introduction you have then the main body sections and then the conclusion. So here no web search is needed. No web search is needed. You'll need the web search for the planning and 
[2:54:42] you'll use the web search for main body sections. So report plan query uh generator. So you are a technical expert. Now this is the prompt template which will be used to plan the queries for the uh initial um planner. Okay. So this is the report topic on which I will be generating that report that and this is how it is going 
[2:55:13] to be organized. Your goal is to generate variable numbers. So that variable you can specify later on three, four, five. Okay. Based on the search queries that will help to gather enough comprehensive information to create this entire report. Simple. Okay. So this is going to be used by your planner agent. This is for the sections. Okay. So this is the overall topic. This is the report organization. This is the search context. So, so this becomes your 
[2:55:43] subtopic for that particular section. Okay. So, based on this search context, you have to generate a list of five questions. Okay. Can I ask one quick question? Yeah. So, in the previous screen you are showing like uh once we got the result it was having some score right some score. So that score is coming from table. Yes. 
[2:56:15] So for a best practice point of view if we consider that score as a kind of higher to minimize number of uh input for the LLM we can just uh like that threshold also. Okay. Okay. Yeah you can use that score and you can have a threshold like 08 or 7. So any web search result which is at least 80% re relevant I'll include that otherwise I'll just exclude or ignore. So you can use that score and apply a filter also 
[2:56:47] quickly. Got it. Yeah sure. Thank you. So this is the node function which is going to generate the report plan. Okay. Um again number of queries I have written it to be eight but you can again change. Okay. So these are the eight queries to generate the report plan first. Okay, see the plan can have three or five sections still but how many queries to generate that plan? This is that number. Okay, I'm just using all the prompt 
[2:57:19] templates back to back and everything same just go through this. I mean if I try to line by line explain this will take another one hour. So but this is the overall idea. Uh maybe so you can convert the search query into string objects if there are no documents return empty generate the sections as per the pantic schema that we have applied and now invoke the actual 
[2:57:49] call. So this is what now instruction prompt for the section builder. So this is the section writer program. Okay. So you are providing clear instructions how to write down the structure uh sorry of the uh sections structure of the sections. So this is the topic on which you have to write and then while generating the number of queries and a sorry this is for the query generator researcher sorry this is for the researcher section researcher. Yeah this is for the section researcher. 
[2:58:19] So some uh instructions are there and uh here we are going to use this prompt template in this okay node function. So how many queries again? So the planner had eight queries and the section researchers are five. So this is the number I am specifying. So the main planner has got eight queries to plan the sections 
[2:58:50] and uh each of the section researchers are using five more queries. Okay. So note section for the se section builder. So this is the one which is going to write down. Okay. For the web queries and finally your writer prompt. Okay. So here you can provide the limit of the section word limit. How the section has to be written. What kind of numbering 
[2:59:22] has to be followed? What is the approach style? Professional technical uh maybe audience also you can provide context is your source material from the uh researcher and what all quality checks you want to do. So this is and then a node function for the section builder or the writer. Okay, in this case so the same prompt template I'm using here invoking with the message and finally this is for the writer. So this is the 
[2:59:53] entire node function for the writer. You can say this is the node function for the writer. So this is what you have built now. Okay, let me put all these in a line graph. So I'm going to have these two boxes. Okay. So there is a generate query, search web and the right section. So three in fact. Okay. So this sub node will start to take the section topic. This will take the section topic and give it to 
[3:00:24] the generate queries. Okay. So this is the one which is going to use the generate queries. Once the queries are generated, it will search the web. Once the search web is done, it will go back to the right section and after right section it will go to the end. So end of your section writing basically. So start of the section writing, end of the section writing. I think this is very clear. If you read it from here, it will be very clear. I'm I'm just displaying it again. So this is the component which I'm going 
[3:00:54] to multiply three four five times based on. So this is what is going to be run five times or eight times depends on the planner. The planner will decide how many copies of this will be made for each section. Okay. So this will be run for each section. So you're using that sign function section builder with web search. Okay. 
[3:01:26] Okay. And now we have the so we are already time off maybe we can continue tomorrow. Uh we are already done with the node functions. Now the last part remains is how do you format these sections. So I have already mentioned that you just concatenate them using some separator. So this is a separator. Okay. Concatenate them. Yeah. Okay. And then uh this is the final section 
[3:01:56] writer. So the introduction and the conclusion. So here also you can put the word limit the style guidelines are there numberings if you want writing approach quality checks those things and uh that will be fed inside this node. So let's write down. So this is the node function which will be used in this node. Okay. And yes send function to parallelize 
[3:02:27] that node function two times one for introduction and one for conclusion. So that is where again you are going to use the send function. Right? Compilation. So this is again a simple Python function where you are going to pull everything from your report state and just concatenated. That's it. This is purely concatenation. Okay, nothing else. I mean you are just pulling out for different sections a for loop because you don't know how many sections are there. So for that you need 
[3:02:58] a for loop and then you are just replacing the introduction and the conclusion that is a temporary placeholder you had created. Okay. So this is what you have built finally and uh this is the final graph. This is how it looks. Okay. Why is this yellowed? Because this will be copied multiple times. Okay. So, report plan and this will be copied multiple times for each section and then finally all 
[3:03:30] the sections are formatted. Basically, they will be combined and uh the final sections will be written parallel again. So, this will be in parallel. That's why you see that dotted line here and then goes to the compilation. Now again this is a function to wrap this entire lang graph this entire report builder agent I'm just wrapping it in this okay as a agent and recussion limit I am setting this is very very important so I don't want infinite calls being made so that is what the recussion 
[3:04:02] limit will take care of apart from formatting this is just for formatting the events so I want that every step to be printed in the console so that is what the event is so Every node which gets executed is a event and for each of them which when it goes to end I want to display what all has happened. Okay. So maybe I'll stop this uh how to build AI agent systems. Maybe we can on the impact 
[3:04:37] of AI agents on SAS interfaces. Let's see now. Yeah. So this is the last you can run. So don't run too many times. This might take some time but don't run it too many times. 
[3:05:09] So 1 2 3 4 5 six sections are created here. And now the section web searches are happening. Section writing is happening. Completed. All the section writing is completed. Now the comp uh sorry formatting will happen. Final section introduction and conclusion is written. Now the compilation will happen. 
[3:05:42] Yeah, compilation will happen and the report is done. So yes, I've got the introduction, AI agents, the SAS industry, example, use cases, the sources for each, applications of agents in the SAS, use cases, sources. Pretty good challenges, risk. Yeah. So if there are any questions, let me know in the next class. But uh questions cannot be please explain this 
[3:06:13] entire block once again. So for that I as I've already said please evolve now from those kind of questions please evolve okay make use of chart GPD to explain you the codes line by line okay I can only explain the logic behind anything not line by line codes now okay after four five weeks into the program now okay so any questions 
[3:06:47] uh if you use brave search code patterns might be different slightly because the kind of uh uh outputs the brave search is exposing will be different. So we are asking them to follow some schema although but you'll have to see what all things brave API exposes. So we need to check the brave API first. Okay. So we'll meet tomorrow and uh I 
[3:07:17] have three more projects end to end and then we'll finish with the langraph and next week we'll start with the deployment okay of these agents.
