
[0:29] Hello everyone. Am I audible? Good evening Prashant. Yeah. Thanks for the labs and sessions. uh I was able to complete and build that uh you know rag uh customer support agent. It was you know proud moment when I was able to view that customer agent on you know browser okay 
[0:59] second both local and cloud both the versions right local I didn't uh you know I've not done it but uh yes on cloud but on a OCI now I'll replicate on you know OCI also and share you know my perspective on that part but smooth 
[1:31] all steps are very clear but okay nice yeah yeah basically troubleshooting are also explanatory. Yeah. Yeah. I had tried to document every possible thing that you might encounter all possibilities because this project has got some maturity by now 
[2:02] because we have done this a few times. So we know all the nuances. See more or less it's not only about this particular project but more or less if you follow the steps you can replicate. I think towards the end of the last session I also uh demonstrated how you can get to this kind of a code and that is important. Okay. So try replicating any other project upload it follow the same steps. Okay. First you know discuss about what architecture you will use for deployment. 
[2:34] Okay. What cloud you will use what resources you will use. So once all those discussions are you know uh satisfactory you are convinced okay that this is really going to work then you can start asking for the code don't directly jump into the code and uh always again I suggest to first prepare the environment properly. Okay. So environment preparation means right from installing Python in your local or whatever cloud to installing all the libraries then setting up the 
[3:06] environment variables. Okay. And then you know activating all the libraries and then uh you know setting up the proper folder structure. So and then the execution part starts actually. So I was going through the steps as well as you know your video session live session video so that helped me to you know work and achieve that. Yeah. And I I thought of I'll you know show you but 
[3:42] no I told you if you had stopped and then restarted every time u the static IP changes or the you know IP for the EC2 instance changes that could be one I I'll try and in case anything you know uh I I need help. So I take half. Remember that even if the EC2 instance is not deleted, if you stop it and run it once again, maybe after a couple of minutes, the IP address will change. The 
[4:14] public IP will change unless you attach a elastic IP to it. Okay. Because I don't have that much of knowledge, right? Okay. Fine. Uh I'm trying to restart but it's not restarting. I I'll restart I rework all that and then Yeah. Yeah. Let us know. But remember that uh if uh you 
[4:44] public IP check uh once you pause the entire instance and then you restart the instance then the instance IP address public IP address changes. Okay. So then it should remain the same. And remember every time HTTP unless you make your EC2 instance secure by attaching some SSL certificate set. 
[5:17] So that was unsecured instance as of now. But again beyond that everything is a cloud operation. So that goes beyond our uh you know course material. You can say anyone who is taking up the cloud courses simultaneously should be able to figure the remaining things out. But once the instant uh instance is up and running once the application is up and running once you're able to hit the browser and you know check the application that means more or less we are done technically. Now remaining thing is your 
[5:49] which uh independently you can uh you know figure it out. Yeah, it's good idea. I should restart the instance and obviously IP access. So you'll have to go to the instance page. Uh click on that instance and uh if you see the information about the instance the IP address will be displayed exactly the same. It's there right process is same but just uh because many times what we do is browser 
[6:19] and then we just to refresh the browser and then you are wondering and pondering that this was working half an hour ago and then when I refresh why is it not working okay and without realizing that before you refreshed you had actually paused your EC2 instance or done something with the instance okay and that is where the things might have got broke maybe or uh connect to EC2 instance and restart uh the application that's the easiest way restart the code that's 
[6:51] right correct so just restart the application you have to do nothing if your application was running and now it is not running the these are the two quick fixes one is check for the IP address uh and uh delete that s and second thing is if you're able to hit the IP address that is uh that is not a Then the second catch is restart the application maybe. And third is stop it and look at the logs. Even for uh viewing the logs I had given the 
[7:23] commands. So what I would do is just copy those last 50 lines from the logs go to chat JPT and ask for the solution. Chad JPT is very good enough to provide me that solution. Right? So that is the easiest way. So you know try helping yourself a bit. Uh getting used to these things will really help in long run. I I used claude actually. So since you mention about the matter but 
[7:58] issues so they asked me to reset the permissions and all. So that worked and that was the only place I got stuck. rest smooth and port issue uh okay I think that is missing to 80 port open that's it instance that's it okay nice nice 
[8:29] okay so today's uh agenda is uh traceability and observation ability that is one and we will do both in lang smith as well as lang fuse. So um and then if time permits we'll go towards the last topic which is on uh MCP. Okay. So I have couple of hands-on today on one on Lang Smith end to end and one is on lang fuse end to end. Lang fuse is uh I'm taking 
[9:01] for K21 for the first time. In the previous two batches I had not done langfuse. We had only done using lang. So you guys are lucky that this time we're also doing Langfuse which is the opensource version of the Langsmith. Langmith is a paid library uh but also comes with very decent uh uh you can say usage limits per month. Let's uh that's around 1,000 uh traces per month. Langfuse also comes with both managed and uh hosted versions. 
[9:33] So there you get more uh you can say free usage that is around I think 5,000 traces per month. Okay. So beyond that again Langfuse also goes into a paid model. Okay. So it's like both are premium. Okay. Langmith is quite end to end. Um I mean so we we'll talk about both langmate and langfuse no worries one by one 
[10:05] and uh I'll show you how the traces look like we'll go into their documentation pages and figure out but yes uh but before we get started let's understand what is observability and traceability why do we need all of that okay what is the end outcome So before this, anyone wants to have any last questions uh before I get started? All good. 
[10:39] Everything is fine. No one has any questions, queries. Okay. So, day 15 and 16. Okay. Mhm. 
[11:46] Although I have a presentation on Observability and traceibility. 
[13:14] I'm just sharing this presentation in the chat. 
[14:07] So, observability, monitoring and traceability, understanding AI agent systems from the inside. So, you want to see what your agent is actually thinking. Okay. So this is the topic that we are taking now. 
[14:38] Okay. So otherwise how far we have reached. Um so almost building agents is done. Uh we have done lot of agents of almost every other design pattern we have taken um in Langraph also we built few agents in CUI I think last Saturday and on Sunday we did the deployment okay both in local machine as well as AWS cloud so more or less the technical part is done okay now 
[15:10] what remains is this observability piece and one last topic case that is on model context protocol and uh some discussion on A2A as well. So this time I'm going to also do some hands-on lab in MCP. Until the last batch we just you used to have uh it looks like you're on mute. Actually we are not able to hear you. I'm not sure. I can hear. No, we we can we can able to hear. 
[15:41] Yeah, I can hear too. You have to raise the volume maybe. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for confirming. Yeah. So as I said in the previous two batches we didn't have enough uh hands on on MCP A2A but this time I'm planning a proper end to end project plus our hands on both uh using MCP uh we'll use both local uh MCP servers uh and the standard mode of connecting would be your stdio 
[16:13] okay and the other is a remote MCP server will create both connect with proper databases as I think I promised the last week. Okay, we'll do um this project tomorrow. Okay, let's see. Uh we'll be able to start with the MCP discussion today if time permits and then we'll do the hands-on tomorrow. Yeah, that's the agenda high level and if everything finishes tomorrow then maybe the tomorrow is the last session or 
[16:43] otherwise it will go to the next week because more or less MCP is the last topic. Okay. Uh unless there is something which I might have forgotten to cover but I don't remember. Let's see. Okay. So this week or the last week uh the next week will be the last week for this program. Uh I have given you a high level idea. Okay. So let's see what is observability. So observability is a 30,000 ft of what is happening within your application. Traceability is 
[17:16] drill down doing a postm and you want to dissect your application and see exactly each and every API call. What went into the model and what came out of the model. How much time did it take? How much was the costing? What was the context given to the model? And if you want are setting up some guard railings, then what kind of guard railing was active? What kind of PII reduction happened and all that okay so you want to trace each and every API call that is 
[17:47] your traceability in short and observability is at a 30,000 ft view. What all is happening within your application? What is the overall latency? What is the overall cost for one customer interaction or one end to end cycle? What is overall cost? Okay. Uh where is the bottleneck? So at a high level if you want to observe the performance of your application or evaluate your application. Okay. That is what the observability is more about. So 
[18:19] both mean monitoring in one sense. Uh okay. Uh is it something like monitoring of the application like we do in infra monitoring? Yes. But this is more like a um application level monitoring rather than the infrastructure uh monitoring. Yes. And within the application also we are not monitoring all the other resources especially the monitoring is with respect to the API calls being made. Okay. And all the latency cost everything which is related to the 
[18:51] uh API calls. So that is what is most important in any LLM based applications or even agents. Okay, which agents are getting triggered in what sequence? That is all about the application. So yes, you want to trace. Let's say you created a swarm of um agents. You created a swarm of agents or a crew of agents. Let's say what you do in CUI. and not all agents are getting triggered for a particular API call or sorry for a 
[19:23] particular user request. So then you want to exactly trace that which all agents are getting triggered in what sequence they are getting triggered. So that is what you can do it in observability. Now within each of the agents what was the input what was the output how what was the agent state before and after that is the traceability part of it right. So literally you can monitor your agents in production. Yes, that is the whole idea. Correct. 
[19:55] Okay. So the core problem uh agents are fundamentally different from traditional software. They make autonomous decisions and know lot of impromptu decision makings are going to happen because of your LLMs involved. Okay. So in traditional software you have the well- definfined input the process is well defined what all calculations you are going to do what all you know processing is going to happen what are the steps of execution and you get the desired output okay you may not know the value of the output beforehand but you know exactly what is expected out of it okay so if 
[20:27] you want to do the debugging you can put print statements across each of these steps in the process and you can keep a track okay uh we have gone till line number nine line number 15 line number 20 and you can step to the code and also uh reproduce the codes as long as you are able to fix the random seed. Okay. So this is how you would normally do in machine learning or even you know traditional software development. 
[20:58] uh agent wise again user query is the input usually the LLM does the reasoning again depending on what kind of setting you have provided in the LLM for reasoning it may be a low reasoning medium effort reasoning high eo high effort reasoning or extra high effort reasoning so these are the settings for the latest models for the previous generation models instead of setting up the reasoning you have the capability of setting up the temperature so temperature controls the creativity. 
[21:29] Okay. So based on all that the outputs and the time the model will take will to respond will differ. Okay. Then again these models are also attached to lot of tools. So which all tools were decided by the model uh uh to be executed and what were the actual queries okay for each of the tool calls that is also coming from the models. Okay. And if needed more reasoning will happen, 
[21:59] more iterations will happen, more tool call will happen. That's like a iterative process. And this will completely be dependent on this input. Okay. If the input is very straightforward, plain and simple, then number of iterations might be much lesser maybe one or two. But if the input the user query is very complex multi-step many things the user has queried at one go then multiple tool crawls will get triggered maybe simultaneously or one by one that depends on the architecture that you have created and back to back and 
[22:31] finally once all the context is available with the model you'll get the end output. Okay. So what went in is this input, what came out is this output. And it can act as a black box. Okay. Uh because you are not literally able to view what the model is reasoning or thinking in each of these intermediate steps if you have not you know um implemented them at a low level. Okay. So what is low level? So uh lang 
[23:03] graph is more like a low-level API code whereasi is more like a high level. Okay. So you create your own states memories and you know the way that you can track each of these is much you get a more uh control in the case of langraph. These are some of the differences we have already discussed in the last session. Okay. Crea is a more like a higher level wrapper. Okay. So 
[23:36] fine. So key differences between uh again traditional application and agent you can go through. So this is what I have discussed. So in a traditional software or application the output is deterministic which means every time you give the same input you get the same output. But again in the case of agents even though the input is same but there can still be a chance that the output can vary. Okay, you cannot 100% guarantee error messages. So you will 
[24:06] get proper error messages here. You'll get vague API failure messages maybe like 429 error. Now unless you are not knowing exactly the reasons for the 429 error, you'll it will be difficult for you to figure out okay authentication error, server error, timeout error and number of errors are there. Okay, we'll have to find out what in multiple errors the error code is still the same. So that is again a bigger problem. Okay, 
[24:37] reproducibility this is easy but here it is different because if you have different LMS with different settings it can still change costs are predictable here are variable because again it will depend on the user query complexity steps it has taken to execute and so on. And debugging is also simpler. In this case it can be a bit more trickier. Okay. So these are the five critical reason for observability that is 
[25:17] your voice is breaking now. Yeah. We are not able to hear you 
[25:52] isn't working. Okay. So, this is what they Zoom. Uh, my Zoom app got 
[26:23] crashed and I had to restart. I'll just catch up again. Uh Sumesh, you had raised your hands. You have a question. We were not able to hear it. That's the reason. Yeah. Yeah. I re realized that. Okay. That's why I stopped uh speaking because the screen got frozen and I could realize that. So what I was is this. Let me repeat it from here. Okay. So nothing much. uh I instantly recognize that 
[26:54] there is something wrong with Zoom app and it finally crashed. I don't know sometimes it may happen that it starts doing upgrades while the session is still I don't know but uh that happens anyway so yes these are the five critical reasons I have tried to compile okay three in this page two in the next page okay so there are some scenarios are there I don't want to really read out everything I hope everyone can do this after the end of the session also uh at home but let's go at the high 
[27:24] level points I hope that is okay Right. I have tried to give this more like a study notes and uh I mean instead of me repeating each and every point uh I'll just probably only try to highlight the important ones right okay so in this case without observability okay uh I mean it's very difficult to order status is not working what this 
[27:54] statement means I mean that itself is vague in the first place. Okay. And without observability, you don't know what these agents have done, what kind of API calls were made, which agents were triggered, in what sequence they were triggered, what were their states before and after, what were the tools? Okay, what did the LM LLM decide? And so the user is still not happy. So with observability you can literally see the exact LLM prompt which are the tools which got 
[28:25] executed which all errors which happened in between and you can try to reproduce these errors and fix. Okay. So that kind of a debugging capability becomes immediately available to you once you start looking at the system inside out. So again your monthly bill is let's say $5,000 in LLM cost where you are expecting only $2,000 with the same amount of let's say user queries. Now again without observability just 
[28:56] wondering and pondering why is the cost so high why which queries are very expensive and can we optimize so answering these three questions because these are the questions coming from the stakeholders. Okay. So without observability again it will be difficult to figure out what is wrong in the system which is leading to a high cost. But now with observability literally you can see the per token uh sorry per query usage okay of the tokens and then uh 
[29:29] identify the inefficient prompts. uh you can reduce the prompts or if you know multiple calls are happening back to back you can also think about doing some prompt caching if the same context is being used over and over again okay so prompt caching is a you know fancy concept but it's not so easy to I would say implement or even benefit from that's the more appropriate word okay let me repeat the last statement prompt caching looks very promising every time 
[30:00] we discuss from caching and say that okay you are going to save XY Z cost uh you know XY Z uh impact is going to happen on the cost. But to be able to benefit from that kind of a cost there has to be some you know or you can say your application needs to be in a format which can benefit from that prompt crushing uh caching. 
[30:32] That last statement is a bit tricky to understand. Okay. So not every application that you build can really benefit from prompt caching. Okay. So is your application going to benefit or not? That itself is the biggest thing to you know wonder and ponder I would say. Okay. Because unless for example a same system prompt is being used. I'm just giving a high level idea. Okay. Let's say you want to 
[31:02] put the system prompt in the cache. Okay. Why system prompt? Because you know that for this particular chat application end to end the system prompt is mostly going to be common for all the chats right but usually the system prompt is what five lines 10 lines 15 lines 20 lines that may be what 50 100 200 300 tokens minimum caching tokens for open AI is 
[31:34] 1,024 minimum caching tokens for Germany is again 1,024 and minimum caching tokens for anthropic model is 4,048 uh sorry 4,96 4096. So unless you have a huge amount of context to be cached there's they don't even accept it even if you try to put it on your caching it rejects the server rejects. 
[32:05] So if the API call is uh requiring some inputs which is and this is the amount. So why I did mention about the system prompt because system prompt is going to be mostly static part of the overall prompt. See the overall prompt contains normally two parts. A part which is static usually which is the static uh system prompt and a variable part of the prompt which is containing more context the previous 
[32:35] state of the uh agent execution the user query. So the variable part okay and the static part. Static part is what this chatbot is all about. What is the context we are talking? Uh what this chatbot is supposed to behave some uh I mean what kind of queries it is supposed to answer that role goal overall task. Okay constraint this is probably the static part of the uh overall prompt. 
[33:06] The dynamic part of any prompt would be the actual context, the actual user query, the actual agent state at that point when the API call is being made. So these are the variable part. Okay, many times for example in the rag applications you will find that the variable part is much much more than the static part. So in the variable part you will have the actual context that you have retrieved from your documents. So this although I'm mentioning it as small in my you know fingers okay but this 
[33:39] itself can be much bigger. So let's say your context that variable part let's use the word variable part of the prompt template or the prompt itself is let's say 3,000 tokens whereas the static part okay which is mostly common across all the chats is just 200 tokens then such a system such a application cannot benefit from prompt caching it is as simple as that Mohammad clear that's what exactly I repeated 
[34:12] Okay. So these are the constraints. Okay. Remember this. What else? So you can identify the inefficient prompts. Optimize expensive operations. Reduce the bill. Okay. If you are really interested, you can uh check this guide prompt caching open AI. So you'll get this kind of guides. Germany 
[34:44] Claude. Okay, just sharing all these pages. Three pages and whatever we discussed okay is there and uh I think the constraint will also be there somewhere. So maximum how much time can it be retained? Yeah, that's exactly what I was trying to tell you. 
[35:15] So unless your input prompt contains more than this part which is static which is going to be common across the entire conversation history then only this makes sense. Okay. So this is the constraint for geminy which is so if you're using bigger models 3.1 then minimum token limit is 4096 below which the server will reject the caching and for Germany 3 and 2.5 models it is uh 1024 tokens and for so the pro models 
[35:47] have a higher you know token limit for benefiting from caching remember this and anthropic I think across all models it is 4096 only somewhere it is mentioned you can check 
[36:18] yeah limit so minimum cachable prompt length Okay. So before we jump into any uh exotic ideas to reduce the cost, one has to be very much familiar with these kind of limitations. Okay. So obviously one very good idea to reduce the cost was prompt caching. But 
[36:49] you know these are the you know catch nuances. So what else for simpler simpler task also you are using a pro model which is much more costing or you know expensive that is again not a good idea. So for example in our customer um support agent that we built last week and the last few weeks. Okay. We had used the same model across all the three, four, five, six blocks. You 
[37:21] remember? So this was our system. So we use the same model here also, here also, here also, here also, here also. That's again not a good idea. So these are much simpler task. Simple carry categorization is there. Sentiment analysis is there. You can use a much cheaper faster model. Whereas for the response generation, you can go for a decent model. I'm not saying pro models because again this is not a very complex task. Okay. So, but when you multiply that number of queries to 1 million or something like that, then just 
[37:53] you know saving uh two code blocks out of five that is like four uh 2x 5 is like 40%. Right? So 40% reduction you will instantly get by switching to a much cheaper faster model for these two tasks immediately. So that kind of you know things you have to think. Okay. Uh quality assurance again customer complaints uh agent gave wrong 
[38:24] refund amount. So this is like quality issue right. The agent is not able to resolve the customer query properly. Okay. So without observability what data was used by the agent? We have no idea. How did the calculation happen? What was the reasoning behind that calculations? Was the calculate calculated amount just a hallucinated number or did it actually use a calculator tool to calculate that number in real time? All of these right. 
[38:54] So is it again oneoff or is it a systematic error? So are there many more you know um similar queries where users have uh you know flagged that kind of calculation errors. So then you know that yes it's a systematic error not a one-off error. So you'll need to make your agent more robust. Okay. So you can also do a exact replay see the calculation steps identify the root 
[39:24] cause. So that is all you can do using observability. Um does prompt caching relate to model context window? No. So although the cached is using the model context window, I mean caching whatever amount of token that you are going to use is still going to use the model context window but the concepts are slightly different. 
[39:57] Okay. So in caching uh what happens is one time the context is learned the let's say model will not try to generate the vectors for the inputs again. So computational uh overhead is less which is why they are going to give you the benefit of 
[40:28] cost because no GPU is needed once it is cached because for the first time they will charge you let's say and for uh why did they charge you because they have to calculate the vectors and everything for the part that you want to cache but once it is calculated it is kept in the memory as it is. Okay. So subsequently you are just using those vectors. It then acts as a lookup table without making any changes. However, in 
[40:59] the case of context window, every time the entire it's like dynamics uh case, okay, your entire input gets recalculated. Your entire output gets recalculated and the total input plus output will be equal to the or less than the context window. That's how it goes. So without caching the entire input is recalculated in the GPU. What is recalculated? Your QV vectors are getting uh recalculated query keys and values. 
[41:32] Uh Santos is asking how to do performance testing for LLM. Performance testing in what sense? Again this is slightly vague question. Unless you identify what task this LLM is supposed to verify, how do you how do you evaluate the performance? So if you are saying rag evaluation performance that is the application performance. If you are saying model performance then you 
[42:03] have to mention the task. Let's say performance of a model on classification task. Performance of a model on uh question answering task. Performance of the model on sentiment analysis task. Performance of the model on part of speech tagging task. Performance of the model in named entity recognition task. Performance of the model in embedding task. So for each task the metrics are different again. Okay. Because why you need to identify 
[42:35] the task? Because the metrics are different. The way you would evaluate the model is different. So for summarization task you talk about blue score, rogue score, okay, perplexity. So these are different different metrics. Okay, model evaluation metrics. Just search for model evaluation metrics. These are not a part of this course. So I'm not going to discuss much. So you can just check for this model evaluation metrics. uh this is what you are probably looking 
[43:06] for. Okay, just search for LLM model evaluation metrics and you'll get several articles exactly with the same theme and in each of these this is the first thing that they will do. They will try to you know fix the task and based on the task then the benchmark data set will be fixed. Okay. So for example glue super glue these are for uh summarization task. Okay. So once you fix your task then based on the task the 
[43:36] metrics will be decided and then to evaluate the model's performance you'll have to also fix the benchmark as per that task because if the task changes the benchmark data set will also change. You cannot use the same benchmark data set for every task. Okay. So lot of things go. Okay. uh link. This is not a link. This is just Okay. A web search I did. Okay. Fine. 
[44:07] Okay. So, let's continue. Um how do we do load testing in production? Number of times agents will run will be very high. Okay. Load testing is more of the LLM ops uh concept actually operational part of it which we don't want to you know discuss here. Okay. Uh it's more of a LLM ops kind of a thing LLM operations just like machine learning operations we 
[44:39] have LLM operations. So simple answer is you can so wherever your model is okay and your application is they can be on the same server they can be in two different servers your application has to be able to scale so you can set up automatic load balancing ALB for your uh application if your application is hosted on a EC2 server you can put triggers for uh automatically scaling. So that is how usually people would do 
[45:09] it. Okay. Um for Yeah. But again load testing if you want to do you'll have to literally uh the way we normally do is uh in SageMaker I set up a pipeline and simulate this kind of a scenario. Okay. that uh we are firing 1 th00and 10,000 
[45:41] API calls to the same endpoint and then we want to see whether the application is scaling up or not and then for each of these API call you are also monitoring the latency okay so that is normally done using uh means I have been doing using SageMaker pipelines end to end tool uh I have not been using tools I mostly have been doing this at a you know developer way uh which is using 
[46:13] SageMaker mostly. Okay. So models and applications on SageMaker SageMaker custom endpoint for deployment and then you start doing it. So that is one way otherwise uh if you want to do it then uh you can set up the observability. I mean if you want to go the tool-wise way then same again then I would say the same but trying to aggregate is going to be a challenge 
[46:45] because these tools are going to give you API level uh you know traceability which means if you are simulating a system which is making 10,000 API calls how do you aggregate the metrics for those 10,000 API calls? So you probably will have to still write down a lot of codes. Okay. So that's how it is. Maybe we can discuss all of those things. Uh I will also give a 
[47:18] uh J meter. I have not been using those frankly. Okay. So I have been doing a more traditional way. And one way is uh this using the observability itself. You just write down codes too because there's uh very easily you can retrieve the traces using codes also just few lines of code you can retrive the traces and when you have the entire trace you have the latency you have the cost and everything from that trace itself okay which is what we 
[47:50] will also see in lang fuse you can literally retract the entire trace and once you have the trace in hand then you can start doing okay so this is like retrieving the entire trace Okay, using codes. So for each of the traces you can actually identify from there. Okay, so this is one more way you can actually do it. But you'll have to simulate a system somehow. Uh if you want to use a tool, it might already be having that 
[48:21] facility. Uh okay, let's conclude this. Yeah, the performance optimization. Uh basically here we want to find out where is our system's bottleneck. Is it getting slow at the retrieval stage uh or is it using some particular block of the entire langraph workflow or is it getting slow at the router stage or is it getting slow in the parallelized part? So where exactly the overall 
[48:52] process is getting most slow okay or slowest. So that is what you can find out also in which parts of your uh entire workflow the costing is the highest. So those kind of things you can easily trace uh if you have set up the observability properly and this is the last and the most important part. You can also empower your end users to also give a rating after each and every chat and those 
[49:24] ratings can be also tracked. Okay, that is the beauty. Okay, so for each interaction the user can provide a satisfaction score maybe between 0 to 5. Okay. Or 1 to5 let's say and those stars or whatever scores you can say are bound to the traces. So the moment you retrieve the trace you're also able to retrieve these uh scores and if some 
[49:54] textual feedback is also there like a comment that also can be retrived easily. Okay. So for example, let's say I was expecting a 50% returns uh or maybe 30% return policy whatever and the model decided to only give me 10%. So then I can always give that in the feedback doing a thumbs down or maybe scoring the overall interaction as one or two maybe. 
[50:24] Okay fine. So what to observe? There are three levels. One is the application level. Okay. Uh you can literally observe each of the response request or request response pairs. Whatever goes to the model, whatever comes out from the model that is your request response pair. Overall time that is your latency. Error rates how many times your requests are overall failing. Success rates how much. 
[50:54] Yeah. So this is the at the entire application level. Okay. Then agent level. Okay. So this is a deeper visibility. So for example, what did we actually ask the LLM? So the actual prompt now you are giving to these agents and what exactly was the output coming from these. So how many tool calls were used? Which tool calls were used? What was the data returned by each of those tool calls? Okay. How did the agent choose those? So basically the reasoning effort of those LLMs in this 
[51:27] case and how did the state change before and after that particular thing and then at a business level okay which metrics matter to your business and stakeholders in this case query type distribution so what are the users asking about mostly okay so are they asking technical queries non-technical queries refund related queries okay um whatever because that insight is going to be really helpful for the business because if lot of queries are coming from the let's say 
[51:59] returns or refund policies that means there is some problem with the product ultimately okay we need to get back talk to those customers and find out the actual reasons why they are asking for returns and refunds and so on okay they are really not satisfied with the service or if the questions are mostly around the technical part of it then probably we have not given enough technical ical documentation on how to use these products. So that's why the users are you know getting confused for 
[52:31] which setting to use for what kind of scenario and so on. So maybe then creating application notes, white papers okay or enriching the document with more examples, code examples, scenarios should be so could be considered. So that is very important resolution rates. So and how many queries are instantly getting resolved? How many are being carried forward to a technical agent uh human agent that is? So these are all and what is the overall cost per interaction most important 
[53:02] metric. Okay. So if the user is on an average some user can get the entire resolution in three interactions some user might take eight to 10 interactions. So let's say the average number is five. So whatever is that so for 10,000 customer interactions which has happened on maybe span of 5 days okay what is the total cost that you have paid divided by 10,000 that is the cost per interaction now okay so this way you will be able to get some 
[53:33] number for the interaction cost okay and that number you can just multiply by a million or 10 million so you know the exact application cost in running. Okay, so total cost of ownership or total cost of running whatever number you want to see. So traceability this is the ability to follow the complete path including all decisions tool calls and state changes everything in a more details. So three 
[54:05] levels of traceability. So this is your request response intermediate will uh also individual timing for each of these steps. Okay. So each tool call how much time it took how much time it took for response generation how much time the query uh required processing and all that. So time for each of these things and then advance what we call as the full trace. This is what we typically call as the full trace. Uh this is how a full trace would look like. Okay, you 
[54:36] can see the overall cost. I'm just zooming. You can see the overall cost each step how much time it took and the you know cost per steps. Okay. So this is called as full trace for each of these blocks. Okay. I am able to trace. So so best for production debugging cost optimization compliance auditing. This is most importantly for compliance auditing and cost optimization. Okay. 
[55:09] And then you can also compare scenarios. Okay. If this was the prompt, this is the kind of output we got. If that was the prompt, this is so this way you can also optimize not just the entire system but also your prompts. Okay. So prompt management also gets really better once you start doing these kind of tracing. Okay. So other things are more or less repeat. You can just go through this. Okay. The tools are there. Langsmith is what we are going to use very extensively today and uh maybe tomorrow 
[55:39] as well. Right. So this is again a commercial solution developed by the same uh lang chain ecosystem. So it's like a visual uh trace explorer. So whatever platform that I have been showing you. So this is very much similar to your lang. This is langfuse. However, but uh the interface is very similar. Okay. It is just that a langfuse is open-source version of lang smmith. That's all things are more or less same. You can filter traces by 
[56:10] metadata tax time compare traces side by side. Yes, that's what I was trying to tell you. Okay. So, two traces in which you had the original prompt other one has a changed prompt and then you can see in a waterfall manner. Okay. How the process went. Cost tracking is there. integration is native. You don't have to write down any additional line of code to do the tracking. Okay. And you can also create evaluation data set for further testing. Fine. 
[56:42] Pinix by Arise. So this is one of the biggest competitors to Langsmith. So second most important tool that you should be knowing about traceability and observability. Okay. So these are the key features. So once again, more or less it's similar to Langsmith in terms of features. It's just that the look and feel will be slightly different. I've not been using Finex much. Okay. Uh I'm more a bigger fan of Langsmith and Langfuse. So I mean 
[57:12] it's not easy to you know uh find use case for uh switching to different different tools every other time. In my opinion getting a comfort and mastery over one of the tool for one of the things is more important than trying to know everything everywhere. Okay. So but knowing what all tools are available in the market that's a good idea. Uh lang lang chain has been very much extensively used by the industry. So I'm 
[57:42] still sticking to lang lang chain lang fuse also. So this is free open source uh and with a optional enterprise support. So this is the biggest USB of Fenix. Okay, it is open source. But again when I say open source, you'll have to host it by yourself. And if you want to host it by yourself, then another big choice is Langfuse. Why not go for Langfuse then? Okay. Third is WNB weights and bias. This is 
[58:13] mostly for machine learning experiment tracking. And this is slightly of discussion. This is not related to agents. So if you are building models, machine learning models and you want to track each of those model hyperparameters when you are making multiple permutation combinations of those model hyperparameters and you want to train them uh especially with sage maker pipelines and all that then you can use the W&B but this is not relevant to setup. Yeah. So this is your uh tool 
[58:46] comparison. Self-hosting option is not there with lang smith but with lang fuse. So trace visualization yes cost tracking yes lang chain integration is native here. Yes. And prices you can check. So waterfall views are there. Uh you can also go for waterfall views. Okay. So, different different different views are there. So, this is one view. 
[59:17] Uh this is another view. Okay. So, I'll show you the waterfall views also. And uh these are the best practices you can just refer summary and take away. Fine. So, this is done. This is just a highle revision recap I think I shared at the start of the session. Fine. So let's take a hands-on on lang 
[59:51] graph before we go for the break at 10. Okay. So we have half an hour. Let's finish with this. Okay. So we'll do this project and we'll take a break before we go to the lang fuse version of the same project. Okay. So, do you have the paid version of Langsmith or I'm using the free version because free version is quite good. I mean 1,000 traces per month unless you 
[1:00:22] are making something in production. Okay. So, if you need more then I would fall back to Langfuse first. Okay. Unless someone is ready to pay for it. Okay. So first thing first go to Lang Smith website. Okay, this is the link. 
[1:00:54] Go to products. You can see observability evaluation deployment. Deployment normally done by lang surf. Okay. Uh you can check the pricing before we do anything more. So you can see the pricing part. So up to 5,000 base traces per one. Sorry, this was actually I've been saying 1,000 but this is not 1,000. It is actually 5,000 which is quite good. 
[1:01:25] Tracing to debug offline and event online are there. Prompt hub playground canvases. So almost every feature is available. Uh even in the free account you can see you can also set up monitoring and alerting annotation cues for human feedback and one agent builder. It's up to 50 agent builder runs per month. So what is this one agent builder agent? 
[1:01:56] So we created this open AI agent. Okay. So there you can attach this and these are the enterprise versions okay where you can get more than 10,000 or even more. So 5,000 traces are there already available to you. Okay. So first thing is click on this try lang. It will take you to the login page. Create your account. Okay. So, 
[1:02:29] create your account. So since I have created my account fine so this is something I'm able to Right. 
[1:03:05] Fine. So once you land up here, first thing is we need to get our API keys. So there you go to settings. Okay. And from the settings you have the API keys. So let me just give a pause here. So everyone will have to set up their organization which is you can select one of the organization or you can create okay one organization. 
[1:03:37] So this is how the main page comes up for me because I have already set up tracing for a few of the projects. So in my case this is not empty. In your case this might be empty. Okay. So this is something new which I have also not tried. Langmith agent builder. We will try that later. 
[1:04:10] Okay. Let's come back. Yeah. So this is the main page. Okay. Go to home and then on the left side there is a settings button. Click on that and on the left side there is API keys. So you can create an API key personal access token pad. You can provide a name and the default workspace 
[1:04:41] and expiration date. You can set up never 30 days, 90 days, 1 year or custom. Okay. So don't go for service key, go for PAT, personal access token. And create your key. Okay? And make sure while you are creating the key, you are also saving those because later on you cannot see them. Okay? Remember that later on you will not be able to see them. Okay? So if I just click on 
[1:05:16] create key. Okay. So make sure you copy it right away. Okay. Make sure you copy it right away. And then go to your collab. Go to your collab. Go to your secrets manager and make sure you are adding this key. So let me give it a name of the key in the collab. So, Langsmith API 
[1:05:46] key this is the text you will be using langsmith API key that's what you'll have to add here and the value will be your key that you have set up just now Okay. 
[1:06:26] Does it mean concurrent agent? No. So if you're creating it using Langmith, yes. but not in their agent builder. So they have got a new feature called as agent builder which is like a visual agent builder similar to all these platforms NAN, Open AI. So similarly they have also got a new platform called as agent builder. Okay. So there you can create a single agent attached to your tracing and not more than 50 runs of that agent 
[1:06:56] can be done per month for tracing in your free account. That is that constraint is only for the agent builder. Okay. But if you're doing it the way I am showing you in the collab notebook, I have just shown the link for the collab notebook. So here uh if you are doing it this way, then you can easily go for 5,000 traces. Can easily go for 5,000 
[1:07:29] traces per month and then you can go on a pay as you go model. You don't even have to, you know. So for example, um you can fund your account with $5, $10. In that you will buy some credits and you use those credits. Okay. So everyone Ready? 
[1:08:32] So, how many of you have been using Claude Pro accounts? Just checking not a free lord protr full. Okay. Anyone who has been using Max Claude Pro uh I mean the upgraded version of that 
[1:09:05] claude max. Okay. 
[1:09:44] Claude Max. No, nothing specific. I was just waiting for the installation to be done. So in cloud max you will get only what five times more query limit per day or per week. I think they just have higher usage limits. I think five times more in cloud pro and 20 times more for uh 
[1:10:14] the uh max account I think. No, it is five times more for $100 and uh 20 times more for $200. I think that's the correct pricing whatever. Okay. Now reason to ask was that uh indirectly that 
[1:10:47] in the claude pro you do get something called as co-work and claude code right so that is equipped with entropic agents already so you just at a high level define your task it will spin all sort of agents sub aents give you a highle plan that boss this is how I'm going to do all that and it will actually do all that not in the chat mode. There is a claude co-work and claude code. Okay. So maybe 
[1:11:21] if you already have Claude Pro accounts, I would strongly suggest you to go through some of the YouTube or tutorials maybe on Udemy somewhere and explore the Claude code and Claude um co-work as well because those are those are the true agentic uh or agents created by anthropic. Okay. But again they will be very much uh 
[1:11:52] token hungry I would say. Okay. So the token usage is immense. Even for one task it can go to 20 to $30. It has happened to me. Okay. So will Claude coork run those programs? you need to be able to I see I don't know what programs you're talking about but whichever programs or uh you know you want to 
[1:12:26] be automated you'll have to provide access. So again it can be local access or it can be browser level access either way. Okay. 
[1:13:02] Uh so Sergi can I ask one question related to the cloud pro? Mhm. So as you mentioned like you know we can we can like you know like you know have a agent there itself on the cloud pro. So you are not creating the agent agents are all spun by them internally. the uh that line actually see I'm also still figuring it out. Uh no no no no I do not want to go to ask was if there is already some pro user here maybe I also get to learn from them that 
[1:13:34] was also another reason because the way I have understood is uh they have internally built all sort of agentic system you just have to define the task and the agents will swam of agents will you know do that task. Uh the way it works is you can also define skills for each of these agents. Okay, that's what I was trying to understand. So that means we are learning to build agent but this cloud came up with like you know just generating the agent by 
[1:14:06] their self right. So the skill which we are building I mean how that can be like you know the future proof that is the reason I asked that question actually with with skill I mean like building this agent and all right uh so learning how to build the agent but cloud came a this way like you know the the the agent okay right yes yes see again as I said 
[1:14:37] if one task exec ution is taking 20 $25 which I I create in langraph and then I'm able to do it in let's say uh $1 then there is a huge cost uh involved already there plus the agent that we are building in these notebooks or whatever production grade okay they are consistent in terms of performance every time you spin a new clawed co-work 
[1:15:08] or a cloud code uh chat even if you give the same task it's not guaranteed that every time the same workflow will happen because this is all LLM fired okay so that and you have zero observ giving you some traces but 
[1:15:43] But definitely that is useless for a corporate level thing which requires auditability which requires you to you know be able to explain each and every API call. So you cannot do that on cloud pro uh I mean the cloud agents. Okay. So if you are a standalone solo entrepreneur who wants to build a software a SAS kind of a software and you know what 
[1:16:13] try to commercialize it claude pro can work uh sorry cloud code or claude co-work can work but on a larger enterprise thing I don't see that working I mean you can still take some help uh I don't know how that two I'm still exploring as I said but for enterpriseg grade application you want reliability you want consistency you want reproducibility and most importantly you want traceability so these are all missing actually 
[1:16:44] got it got it yeah that that's what I just want to yeah yeah got it the same code was working last week and now this is aa this is blankchain core okay no worries plan Plan B. Plan B. I have this grand 
[1:17:34] So one suggestion I would give is after you install these four restart the session once. Okay, restart the session once. that uh really helps before you go to the next installation and then you keep on continuing. Okay. So this and the second change that might work is this. Okay. So 
[1:18:06] this is the change what I have done. Okay. Instead of langchain dot documents it's it has moved to lang chain core. I hope everything else works. Do I need to explain what is happening here because we have looked into the same project several times. Even last week I gave you the idea about this particular project. Okay. So if you still are clueless, I mean please go through the last few few weeks 
[1:18:37] recordings. Okay. So we have built this agent several times. So the only thing that we are adding up here is the traceability part. And how did we do? We have already done that traceability. So you have to set up the key and you have to set up the tracing to be true. And what is the name of the project? Okay, because this is the name that will appear in your Lang Smith dashboard. Okay, so go back to the 
[1:19:07] Langsmith and if you go to the home, this is your tracing. This is your tracing. Click on that tracing and you can see this customer support agent new. Okay, so this customer support agent new which I have just now created. Okay, no runs found. Okay. Now here I will start getting the traces. Okay. So this is the the one which you have just now created. Fine. In your case it may not appear instantly because I had already created this. So it came for me. Once you start 
[1:19:41] running then it will automatically appear. Okay. So but this is where I'm expecting things to be. Okay. So that's it. Only three lines and you have set up the tracing for this project. It is that super simple. Okay. And all the API calls that we are going to make are already wrapped with lang chain. So we are using the uh open AI langenized version not the direct openi library. If you directly want to use openi library SDK or if you want to use geiny SDK or 
[1:20:14] anthropic SDK without langai okay without lang chain then you can probably go with langfuse. So that way you are not vendor locked. Okay, let me repeat that right now we are using all the API calls from within lang chain and that's how it is able to track easily because you are using the langchainized version of openai not the openi SDK directly. Okay so but let's say if you are using openi SDK directly then uh lang will not 
[1:20:46] be able to directly track it. you will have to set up more codes I would say and if you are anyway ready to set up more codes then it's better to go with langfuse because there you get much more advantage of you know getting credits and uh more traces per month that's it so these three lines are new otherwise you just create your knowledge base embedding model and then set up your retriever okay uh pantic schemas for my 
[1:21:21] uh query category sentiment and this is your agent state and the node functions. This is the model I'm using chat GP5 mini. These are my node functions. And finally this is my agent graph. This is the agent graph. All the 
[1:21:54] node functions attached to those respective nodes. These are the actual node functions. This is the name of the node where it will be executed. Node function attached to this node. Agent node function attached to this node. So you are creating the nodes and their corresponding node functions. You are also creating all the edges basically how you are going to connect these nodes and then this is the conditional routing which is going to happen. Okay. 
[1:22:25] Build the entire graph. Okay. So query will come up with the start and then it will be categorized into billing, technical and general followed by sentiment analysis positive, negative, neutral. If the query is negative directly it will go for human escalation that is decided by the router that you created here is your router function. 
[1:22:56] Okay. And if the query is positive or neutral then based on the category it will be routed to one of these three agents. Now each of these three agents have access to your rag. You can see here it has access to your rag where it is first able to apply a filter retrieve the documents format the documents for context. How is it formatting? just concatenating one below the other and then setting up that retrive context as actual context. 
[1:23:30] This is a prompt template and then that is chained to your LLM and you are invoking with the user query and the content retried content that's it. So this is all repeat. Okay. And then wrapping this entire agent graph into this convenience function for calling. Okay. So these are the 30 question answers that you have in your JSON file 
[1:24:00] and you can actually start doing this. Uh you can ignore this uh pyantic serializer warnings if you want to. So for that you'll have to import warnings and let me give you a code to suppress those warning messages. 
[1:24:44] Okay. So once you execute this then all those warnings should be gone right. So it's working you can see and since we have executed so many times uh your tracing should already be updated now okay so so many traces I have already got and one is already running you can see so the entire agent lang graph workflow 
[1:25:15] I would say will be appearing like this and if you are running parts of the workflow then it will appear like this. So what do we mean by parts of the workflow? So here we have run the parts of the workflow also right here. So this is a part of the workflow. This is also a part of the workflow. Okay. So this is again a part of the workflow. This is a part of the workflow because these are also making API calls. Okay. So getting the sentiment, getting 
[1:25:46] the sentiment, these are all standalone API calls that you have made without the entire agent. Okay. So those standalone are appearing like this. And when the entire agent is running, this is how it will appear. Okay. So yeah, you can fire these agents and see one by one. This is also there 
[1:26:17] fine. So click on any of these traces. Okay. So for example, I've clicked on that trace. I'm just zooming out. Okay. So in the waterfall case, this is how it looks. Okay. Literally, you can track each of these phases, three phases largely. And for each of these, you can see the amount of latency, the overall cost. Okay. So the cost input output you can see very well start time and time for each step and you can also check 
[1:26:48] what was the input which went to the model which is the and what was the exact output which came from the model each and everything you can see query category neutral. So this is your complete trace. You can also have the ID for each of these langraph runs or traces. So trace ID is there, run ID is there. You can use this trace ID and run ID to also um assign feedback scores. Okay, 
[1:27:21] that can also be done. You can see which model was used, how much time it took for retrieval also because you can see vector store retriever took 0.1 seconds which is like uh 170 milliseconds. These were the documents which were retrieved. You can see the top three documents which were retrieved. Okay, these are the top three documents which were retrieved. So that is the level of traceability that you can have. Okay, I'm just clicking on the 
[1:27:52] vector store retriever. Okay, this was the query. Based on this query, these are the top three documents that were retrieved. Okay, and totally it took 170 milliseconds. Okay, Proful I already answered why it starts with runnable is if you're running a part of the overall workflow then it will come as runnable. Runnable is nothing but the lang chain 
[1:28:23] chain. Runnable is nothing but the chain only the chain part. This is the chain that you have run here. Sorry, this is the lang chain chain. Okay, whatever chain you are creating. So this is your chain. If you're just only running this chain, for example, this chain was run here. When you are calling this function technically 
[1:28:59] and when you are checking your vector store driver here. Okay. So when you are checking for the vector store retriever that will appear as a vector store retriever only. Oh yeah, vector store driver and when you are running the entire lang graph which was compiled. So entire lang graph means when you're running the entire lang graph compiled that is 
[1:29:31] towards the end whatever you are running this you are running the entire agent when you run the entire agent that will come as a compiled lang graph that will come as a compiled lang graph okay so single API standalone API calls can also be traced that is the point I was trying to make okay so see this is a simple standalone API call in a case of runnable just click on the chat prompt template it will tell you what was the customer query that was a retrived content and this is the output that's it 
[1:30:01] so this is a single API call okay how much uh was the costing latency and everything I suggest you take some 5 10 minutes explore this okay click on each of these 
[1:30:32] and you can click on let's say two here and also go to comparison mode compare runs okay so I clicked on these two and go to compare runs okay so you can actually also compare side by side two runs end to end so So this took 15 seconds roughly 15.5 seconds. This took 18 seconds. Okay. So you can actually track why is this taking much much longer time. Why is 
[1:31:03] this taking low lesser time? So what was the bottleneck? So this time it took so the categorization is almost the same time. We can see categorization was the same time but probably this is 2 seconds. This is 2.5 seconds. Here it is 2.5 seconds and this is 2.35 seconds. Yeah, roughly more or less similar. 
[1:31:35] Retriever is 21.25 determined route that is instantaneous. So the last step itself is taking more time. That's it. That is where the 3 seconds are different. Fine. You can click on the waterfall mode or this is your normal mode and this is your waterfall mode. Whichever you find more easy to 
[1:32:06] Yeah. Whichever you find easier to compare. So, we can go for a break now. I'll have my dinner and uh we'll resume. So you can explore this. Take five more minutes. Okay? And then take your break. Okay? 
[1:32:57] Tu she's saying why is it still saying waiting for traces? Can you share your screen? Uh I don't see because in my case I'm able to get all the things properly done. I mean 
[1:33:40] Okay, re-executing. Thank you. Any 
[1:34:15] question from anyone till what we have done just now. So this trace is basically the entire agent execution. Okay, there can be some confusion uh when you are running this langraph agents with uh lang enabled. Okay, so these are two different uh abstraction levels I can say. Okay, so trace is for the entire agent execution. 
[1:34:47] Run is basically one step inside that execution. 
[1:35:41] Prashant I have a question like uh is there any specific industry standards like these SLAs or anything we need to follow in these traces if we for suppose if the traces are going beyond the limits or something we need to follow we need to observe in this. Yeah good question. uh primarily uh when we are making uh these uh retrieval see idea is the sooner the 
[1:36:13] better I mean okay for the retrieval in most of our cases you can see the the retrieval has happened within 100 to 200 milliseconds and that is the industry standard u it should be less than half a second max to Max 1 second. If it is going up to 1 second means it's a red flag frankly unless unless you are searching on millions of documents. If it is few hundred to thousand ideally the overall 
[1:36:45] time it takes for the vector store retriever because this is something which is more deterministic. Okay. Mhm. your data set is there, your query is there and how much time it takes for retrieving the top five documents, top 10 documents, it's more deterministic, okay? Because that is also determined by the kind of vector database you are using, the kind of strategy that you are using. But if the vector database is fixed, if the retrieval strategy or the algorithm is fixed for a given query, 
[1:37:16] the number of top documents that you are uh retriving that is also fixed. Then by large this number should not vary a lot maybe plus minus 50 to 100 milliseconds. Okay. So with a average plus -50 to 100 milliseconds this average should not exceed 200 to 300 milliseconds for small size vector DB okay which is containing less than 1,000 chunks I would say for 
[1:37:47] 1,000 to 10,000 chunks it might go to.5 seconds or 500 milliseconds and in you know worst cases where it goes to 1 million to 10 million chunks per database It can go close to 1 second but beyond that if it is taking then I would suggest going for a managed vector database solution. What does that mean? Managed vector database solution. So there are platforms like pine cone. 
[1:38:20] Okay just search for pine cone. It's a vector database where again this will again be dependent on whether your company is eager to share the embeddings on a third party cloud. Okay. So in this case what you are doing is there there are two options. You can directly throw your um chunks and they will do the embeddings and store or you can directly throw the embeddings and they will only do the storage and retrieval is all happening 
[1:38:50] on cloud and you also have a choice to bring your own compute BYOC. Okay, in which case you can actually connect the enterprise AWS, GCP or Azure account, okay, with zero access operating model which means they are not going to charge any mockup or markup. They're saying that okay that entire data resides in your own AWS VPC. I'll just add a application layer on top of it. Okay, I'll charge you per query and uh how 
[1:39:24] many documents you are retriving in a month. So query volume and retriever volume is the business model that they are normally charging. If you go to the pricing, okay, that is the case when you are connecting your own AWS account because there you are already paying your own AWS account for storage and all that stuff. However, in a case of a completely managed, so this was like semi-hosted system. In a completely managed thing, what you are doing is you are simply sharing your chunks or embeddings. They will 
[1:39:56] provision a cloud on your behalf. You can choose whether you still want to go with AWS, GCP or Microsoft. But since they are doing the provisioning, they will charge you for the cloud storage as well along with the queries. So you can just see here. So database can be created on demand inference assistant. So all these are the different APIs which are available. But uh you can see the usage here. So 
[1:40:27] for example AWS US east one is the region availability. This is for a starter. Uh there are no dedicated nodes in this case. Okay. Uh read nodes here you will get some dedicated read nodes. Um index again both dense and sparse is there up to five index you can create which means five collections you can make if you want index means how many collections per database. Okay. So in our code if you see uh we made a collection and we provided the 
[1:40:57] collection name also. You remember the vector database collection name we provided we can make. So there was a database name and there was a collection name. Okay, there is a collection name and there is a database name. Okay, so this is the database name you can say. Okay, so in one database, this is the collection. You can make multiple collections. Maybe one collection for technical documents, one collection for uh you know customer policies or customer data or company 
[1:41:27] policies. So that way you can have a logical grouping also. But then it would mean for a single query you'll have to search in multiple collections or multiple indexes which is again I would not suggest if you think that for any query searching across multiple collections is required then actually put everything into one okay it's better to put everything into one only where there is a clear isolation of the application that this application will use this collection this application 
[1:41:57] will use that collection then consider going for collections. Okay, got it. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. So, these are the you know considerations and uh see how million inference for the embedding. That's what I would I was also telling you. Okay. You can directly throw the chunks and some 5 million tokens per month embedding is already included. These are open-source model. Let me tell you this. Okay. Okay, these are open source model and you can 
[1:42:29] get both of them easily on hugging face also. So you can do the uh embedding on your own GPU server if you just download them or pine cone has also created their own fine-tuned version for the embeddings. So this is pine cones and again reerrankers are also there BG reanker coher rerankers. Now coher is enterprisegrade reranking facility. So definitely no company will provide cohhere here for free because they also have to pay cohhere. So you 
[1:42:59] are getting it in this case but BG is a open-source cross encoder available on hugging phase. So this is already included 500 requests per month and you can see how many users projects you can create security compliance audit logs. You can explore this. So this is not the only one uh platform. You can also check for Zilage and Milvas. Okay. So Zillis is again a vector database 
[1:43:31] cloud leader in the forester wave. Just check. So Zill and Milvas are products from the same company. It is one of them is open source. The other one is a cloud managed version cloud hosting version and check their pricing plans. So Zilliz is the managed version and Milwas is the open source. Okay. So you do have so these are the two industry-leading options I 
[1:44:02] would say easily available. Third is now cloud specific. For example, if your most of the documents are already present in S3 buckets assuming then for AWS I would strongly suggest to go with open search that is the vector database which you can use. Okay. So again you can use the bedrock models like Titan embedding V2 model you can use uh again. 
[1:44:34] So AWS type 10 uh embedding model you can use v1 v2 both the models. So I I will use this model as well titan embedding models which are already available on Amazon v2. Yeah this one and for response generation you can use so this is like a complete AWS native solution you have built your data is already in S3 from S3 you push it to open search. Now open search is like your equivalent of elastic search or 
[1:45:05] vector search. This is a vector database which is already hosted on a clusters. So just like when you spin a RDS that is relational database service when whenever you create a proper normal structured database or a unstructured database either way on AWS. So AWS will have a RDS service for traditional databases. Okay. So there also you get the option for spinning as a single machine or as a cluster and how many you 
[1:45:36] know uh availability zones it should be there and uh if you want to have master nodes multiple master nodes so all those options are also available on open search you can spin up multiple clusters or you can spin up this open search on a single machine also so normally you can use r7gium dosarch search kind of thing for a decent uh 4 GB RAM. R7 G or R8G also you can use uh dot medium 
[1:46:10] medium will give you 2 GB large will give you 4 GB dot search uh or R8 also you can do bandage.sh these are the typical uh machine names I would say. Yeah. Yeah, R7G, R8G. These are very regular ones which I use. Okay. So, you can see the pricing also how many Yeah, from here you can make out. So, how many gigs you want now? 8 16 32 based on on 
[1:46:43] how many. So, because if your application is scaling to hundreds of users, then probably you'll need more virtual CPUs number one. Whereas if your application is having huge number of vectors let's say thousands or millions then the memory part will become more uh important. So how you want the search to be is it memory optimized or compute optimized. So that way you have different categories of uh machines which you are going to spin. But usually this is memory optimized. Okay for 
[1:47:14] example. Now there are machines which are compute optimized also. So these are the usual machines people will spin for open search because the moment you start launching your open search service you'll have to select a machine. Okay. So these are a typical machine. You can go with R sevenG series or you can go with R8G series also. That's also quite good. R8G is the newer version. Okay. And then from here you can select which one you want. So your 
[1:47:46] entire data is in S3 bucket. you then your embeddings are stored in open search. Okay. And then what is the next thing? You want a embedding model to create the embeddings, right? So you can use Titan embeddings from bedrock. Okay. And you want your response generation model. So for that response generation you would uh probably use uh if you want you can use cloud models also because all the cloud models not at haiko everything is available on bedrock or if you don't want to use the claw models 
[1:48:16] you can go for um Nova Nova Pro Noa light Noa pro okay models. So Noa pro, Noa light these are the uh Amazon models for response generation. Okay, you can use these Noa rearranking models like all coher models are also available on bedrock. So all these models are available on bedrock. If you just go to bedrock you can see so 
[1:48:47] this is like a AWS native solution. The point I'm trying to come to here is similar solutions are now also available for Azure and GCP. The good thing is about in Azure you will have direct access to open AI models. Okay. AWS will not give you open AI models on bedrock. So if your favorite models are open AI models for embeddings like what we have been doing until now. Okay. Then you are probably looking for Azure OpenAI 
[1:49:17] endpoint. So then your cloud natural cloud inclination is towards Azure. But if you are also open to GCP, you will get access to all the geminy pro models. Now in GCP, you will neither get access to cloud models or probably you will also not get access to um open AI models. No way. No way. There not even in your wildest dreams you can think of. Okay. So you'll only get 
[1:49:47] Jiminy models. A fourth option is there where you want to get access to all of these models and that is your OCI Oracle cloud infrastructure. There giny models are also there. Um cloud models are also there. OpenI models are also there. Okay. Otherwise the fifth option is to go with open router. Open router service. I think I might have talked about open router. In this open router, a single API token will give you access 
[1:50:19] to more than 650 models. Okay. Um yeah, list of models also you can this is open router models. AP list of models. the list of models 637 models are there. So if you just search for claude you'll get all the 
[1:50:51] claude opus 6 on it. All claude models are there here. If you want to go for Germany all Germany models are there the pro versions three pro also is there or if you go with open AI all GPT models are there both open source as well as the paid ones. Okay everything is there. or if you want to go with u so claude for example does not have its own 
[1:51:22] embedding model so claude normally uses a third party called as voyage ais's embedding models which are also available on bedrock so if you go to claude voyage api embed pins Okay, go to this page and you can see the embedding models coming from Claude are actually coming from Voyage company. 
[1:51:52] So Claude natively does not train embedding models. Okay, so if you are a big fan of Sonnet Opus models and you want to do embedding from cloud only then this is the choice that you have. Okay. And here the context length just to give you an idea is much higher compared to your openi model. So for example openai model whether it is small or large the context length is 8192 tokens only 8,192 
[1:52:25] which is 1/4 almost. Okay. So these are all 32,000 tokens only in this case this is but this is a fine-tuned version. So you have fine-tuned versions for finance for law also. This is something very interesting for optimized for legal long context. This is optimized for finance retrieval. In fact uh Claude is working anthropic I would say as the larger company is working heavily on finance applications. Okay. They have already onboarded lot of 
[1:52:57] big corporate clients and banks. They are serving custom models to these banks. Okay. Already. So in the next few months what I'm going to watch out for is finance specific models coming from claude. Already there are a couple of finance specific models available on perplexity platform. Okay. But now this is where I'll be watching that space for. So that is where you know the business models are getting 
[1:53:28] pivot. Okay. So this platform you can use open router uh where but again you are sharing your data to open router. So if that is a concern, security concern, compliance concern then it is best to either go with a self-hosted version or onremise version or at least have a model on your own cloud VPC. Okay, VPC virtual private cloud or VPS virtual private server. So 
[1:53:59] spin your own virtual private server either on AWS or GCP or Azure and isolate that VPC and only that VPC you create your entire application and all the models within the same VPC. All your models would be there. Your application would also be hosted within the same VPC itself. Okay. Your open search domain will also be in the same VPC. Your EC2 instance which is hosting your application will also be in the same VPC. So that way you can have a good 
[1:54:29] isolation layer. Okay. So this is good for most of the banking and healthcare kind of a uh industry. But even more regulated industries let's say defense okay will go even deeper. So defense will not allow any third party cloud okay whatsoever. They will always insist on an on-prem server where all the embeddings are stored, all the user queries, whatever interactions they are never shared across any cloud. It has to 
[1:55:00] be on prem on prem oil and natural gas let me tell you. So that is again so I did lot of trainings for BPCL Bat petroleum okay for example and in one such even I have been into their board meetings okay so I got to know that just to give you even today they are not into any cloud all of their entire data is on prem they already had one data breach and 
[1:55:32] which went escalated it up to the PMO and they had you know shut down that plant for a day or two. I would not reveal too much information but they already had a couple of instances because of which now they have decided they will still continue being on prem. Yeah. Now like even yesterday Trump tweeted not to use cloud anthropic anymore in Fed. 
[1:56:03] So see there will be uh lot of there will be preferences there will be regulations and there will be um uh what I would say is vengeance as well. Okay. So multiple factors would uh would be there to influence such decisions. Okay, let's focus back. Uh last thing that we are going to discuss is about this lang fuse 
[1:56:33] observability. Okay, so the same project I'm not changing the project. This we are going a bit more deeper in the observability concepts. Okay, so in the first case we already set up uh just in three lines of code. But here also there will be three lines but we'll also go to the trace level uh things. Okay. So these three lines will become different three lines here. Let me share the notebook. This is completely running. 
[1:57:04] You can see my um 403 client error fidden error incorrect API key have to verify correct. So who is facing 
[1:57:36] this Santos? So you have to provide your Langmith API key. No, I did discuss how to create your own API key. So if you go to settings here in the API keys, you'll be able to create a API key. Use a personal access token. Name this and just create your 
[1:58:07] key, right? And add it to your you have to add it to your secrets manager here. So I already have the lang fuse lang fuse langfuse. But similarly previous notebook I had added my uh langsmith. Okay. So I think that should resolve 
[1:58:51] Okay. So let's see what this Langfuse is all about and how does it differ from your Langmith as of now. Okay. So I think the title itself is very clear. It's a open-source alternative to Langmith and both these product have been developed by the same company from where Langchain comes up. Okay. So again for tracing, debugging and scoring langraph agents. So in this lab we'll be building the same for customer support and instrument it with langfuse for full 
[1:59:21] observability. Langfuse is open source that can capture traces, latencies, token usage, cost every single step of your langraph workflow. Unlike lang which is proprietary and tightly coupled to lang chain a langfuse is framework agnostic. So whether you develop your application using llama index or you develop your application using open AI SDK or use Google SDK okay it doesn't matter which 
[1:59:52] or CUI in fact okay doesn't matter whether how you are creating your agents okay that is framework agnostic it is self-hostable which means you can download a copy of this langfuse and host it in your own server same server where your agent is hosted Okay. So that is the meaning of selfhost table and built on telemetry open telemetry standard. So this is again like a protocol. Okay. which is required to communicate these traces. 
[2:00:47] Santo, where are you getting this? So from present that uh the code uh from langmmith import client right um so where uh I don't know uh why that run ID is generated maybe because of my I just uh did the code uh fix maybe it's automatically generated 
[2:01:17] I'm not Sure. So I just I wanted to check whether you have this code piece or it's a it's generated by which notebook the langidmith notebook or the langfuse notebook. Langsmith notebook. So here um it's not moving from here. U I have that API key configured. Everything has done but I'm stuck here. So the the project which you created right do we need to configure anything 
[2:01:48] the project on mapping to the API key have you done anything? So see that project naming has to be there so that you can track your uh so these are the projects that I' have created for tracing by default there will be something so if you don't mention your project name then all those traces will go to the default understood so here I have open this is the same project name what you used customer um uh so this is the notebook you are 
[2:02:19] talking about correct yes so We have set up the key. Mhm. So from langmmith where is that initialize the client? I don't know where is that code. I don't see that code anyway code at the end. Uh maybe uh the line 68. 
[2:02:50] So here yeah the when we are calling uh aa here oh aa aa okay okay okay I missed this part sorry yeah so basically whenever I'm running any of these okay I'm getting some trace and runs correct so that's what I was talking about some time back that if you want this feedback to be provided and recorded let's say I want to record a feedback for this run. Okay, I can copy 
[2:03:21] this trace ID or run ID. Let's say I'm copying the run ID. Okay, so from here I can copy this and for this particular run I can provide a feedback from the code. Okay, so I am just providing this run ID. Now is my screen shared? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So this is the run ID which I just copied from here. Okay. Which I copied from here. From line graph, right? Okay. Yes. from the line graph. Correct. Correct. Okay. And then uh whether uh uh 
[2:03:54] yeah so this comment you can change. Okay. Whether the let's say you have to act yourself as the user. Just imagine that this comment is being captured from your chat interface. Okay. And you are passing it here. Understood? This comment as a string you are capturing from the chat interface and passing it here as a variable. Mhm. Okay. So then what would happen is so why we are doing hardcoded here pres no you are not doing a hard coding. So this is like a API uh maybe you can 
[2:04:25] create a function out of it and to that function for each chat run you can say or conversation will have a run ID generated. You have to capture that run ID from the traces and you also have to capture this comment from the user. Okay, whether they are satisfied with the overall uh query resolution process or not, if there is any comment that they would like to you know uh give. So capture that comment, capture that run ID programmatically for that particular 
[2:04:57] conversation uh that is happening and then you want to record that comment with that conversation properly. So this is what we are doing. So once it has been there um I think let me just check you can see now it is appearing. So this is the comment which just now we passed. So this way we can also track this was created by me no doubt. So this way you can see how many 
[2:05:28] let's say conversations were flagged by the user. They were not satisfied. Okay, you can actually programmatically pull just like in Langfuse also I'm doing it here. So you can programmatically pull the list of last 10 15,000 uh like in this case if you see I'm programmatically pulling my uh traces. So and I have the trace ID. Similarly I can also have the run ID against these trace ids. Okay. So I can 
[2:05:59] programmatically identify in the last 15,000 or 10,000 interactions how many users flagged the conversations. Uh flagged means they were not satisfied. Okay, because you are able to capture this and what is the average satisfaction score because now this is 0 1. Now if I do that for hundreds of interactions for some it will be zero, for some it will be 1 0 1 0 1 0 1. But the moment it start getting into 
[2:06:29] hundreds and thousands, you'll get an average score for this entire agentic system. You'll get an average score. Okay, that on an average this agent is working with a score of 4.2 4.5. That is what now that average score um you will get once each of these traces have got a number and a feedback. Okay, so that is the whole intention. So you can record this I think. Yeah, this is for that only. So you can get the run ID 
[2:07:01] and uh yes so ideally you would get this ID when you are doing the agent.invoke uh but we are never saving that we are always doing that agent.invoke within this wrapper function. So you'll have to probably modify this wrapper function that I have created to also capture because this wrapper function is doing the invoke behind the scenes right this is the wrapper function you're passing the agent here okay and that agent is using the agent dotstream in this case 
[2:07:33] correct and that is exactly the statement I have given so when the agent is being invoked or when the agent is streamed in that case this events has the run ID actually Okay, which we have not yet captured any time till now. But ideally this will have. So maybe let me just check. Okay, agent is not defined. Agent is okay. This agent is my 
[2:08:11] file agent. Okay, I need some prompt. So, this is my prompt. 
[2:08:45] Okay. So now I've got the events and let's have a look what all we have in that events. 
[2:09:16] It's a generator function. So uh again the same thing. So for each step there will be an event. Okay. So let me take the first step out of that. Okay. Events print what we have got one by one. 
[2:10:09] So this is a complete event. Um I need to check how you can get the run ID from here. Uh probably the langraph documentation will have to refer. But that is exactly what we are doing in the Langfuse version. So this is just a repeat. But if you want to get to that level, I would strongly suggest you to stick to Langfuse then. Okay, this is for high level uh setting up the monitoring. But if you want to go to that level, then Langfuse is the better option which 
[2:10:41] I have anyway done. So it's just the repeat. So let's directly head on to that. Okay. But yeah, that's exactly what is mentioned here. you can capture it and uh in principle you can capture this from the agent invoke or agent stream okay and pass it on there right now I am capturing it from the you user interface okay um again there are different metrics are there so mostly people would be interested in the correctness score okay 
[2:11:13] how accurate it was and the score is between 0 to one so one for correct and zero or incorrect. So it's binary. So source type is API indicating that the feedback. So just go through the uh documentation, you'll see all the other options by which you can access this. So feedback has been recorded. This is what we have got here. So for each API call, you can also record the 
[2:11:46] feedback. Okay. Okay, back to this. Let's run this quickly. Now the initial things are same. Um, yeah. So I don't have to explain any of these. 
[2:12:18] Uh this is clear uh and anyway we'll discuss more on this Langfuse API keys have been set up. So how do you set up your Langfuse API keys? Again go to this website cloud.langfuse.com and first you'll have to create your own project. I'm just sharing the link. So to get the API keys uh I think there is a link already given below to set up your API keys. So cloud.langfuse.com sign up create a new project. But before you create a new project, you'll have to create a new organization. 
[2:12:50] Okay? So before the project, you'll have to create your own organization name. Just give some random uh organization name. Here I'm giving my organization name as K21. So that is the name of the organization. And once you have created your organization, okay, then it will ask you to create a project. Okay. And then once you create a project, then uh you'll be able to get the key. So once you get the organization there itself you'll be able to get a option for getting a key when you go to settings. 
[2:13:20] Okay. So in the settings of that particular organization okay so this is the settings and you'll get uh all the information uh API keys go to the API keys and you'll get all of these. So public key secret key you can copy it from there. So I'm just clicking on creating a new key. 
[2:13:57] So again, so these are the things that you'll have to copy. All right. Now I'll just delete this. So I'll just uh pause here for 2 minutes. Let me know if you are able to get to the API keys part. So the instructions are already there. In between first and second step, there is one step to create your name of the organization which I have not documented here. And within the organization, you 
[2:14:28] can create multiple projects. But the moment you have created the organization, in principle, you should be able to create your key. Ideally, you should create your key for each project. So go to the project settings. Okay. And uh from there you can also go to the API keys. That's what exactly I did. I clicked on the project. Okay. So from settings this is the project. This is for the entire organization. So this is the organization. I created a project here. 
[2:15:00] Within that project I have the API keys. So overall traces, usage, everything can be tracked and this is all for free. See this is all for free. Even you can track the scoring. You can see here. 
[2:15:30] So just let me know in the chat if you are able to get your API keys. uh sorted here. So what will be the name of the API key? These are the name of the API key. Public key, secret key and the base URL. And you'll have to set up all these three in the chat. Sorry, in the secrets manager. So langfuse public key, langfuse secret key and langfuse base URL. So three things you'll have to set up apart from the openi model. Okay. So we'll have to set up these four 
[2:16:02] things. Open EIK anyway you would already have but apart from that LFU site there are three okay okay Mohammad has already got it we'll install it and then get it uh the differences between Langfuse and uh Langmith key difference both are for observability and evaluation but they 
[2:16:32] differ fundamentally in philosophy and architecture. Okay. So, one is the licensing proprietary versus open-source self-hosted. You can create dockerized versions of these language license. So, you will not be able to have lang on premises. Okay. So, lang is given to you as a software as a service kind of a SAS app. You can say ultimately framework support it is 
[2:17:05] agnostic. You can use any SDK to create your agents even here it works best with lang chain and lang graph standard that it is following is open telemetry. This is a custom tree model. So they have created a a proprietary architecture for this. And this is depth of the data that you want. This is the trace paste. Yeah. Quick question. Langfuse is from MIT like 
[2:17:37] license. Okay. It is open source. Open source can have multiple types of licenses. MIT license, Apache license. I mean I don't remember but these are the three four most common licenses. Okay. It's open source but MIT license if you just do a Google search what is MIT license you'll get it Apache license MIT license and many other licenses are there for open source so these are like opensource license standards you can say 
[2:18:12] licensing techniques or standards you can say for opensource softwares and codes so when to choose langfuse most important question when you need a framework agnostic observability layer. So you are developing your entire agent not using lang chain or you don't want to be vendor logged with lang chain. You want to have flexibility to switch between different SDKs then langfuse is something to consider for data so 
[2:18:42] compliance. So basically since it is self-hosted you can actually in the same VPC in the same AWS server you can also host your lang fuse in a separate docker container simply so when to choose lang uh when you are 100% in the lang chain lang graph ecosystem and you prefer a fully managed service that's exactly what I just now said so lang is a fully managed SAS 
[2:19:12] with built-in alerting dashboards enabled. Okay. So, how many of you have been able to set up your account and got the API keys ready? So, this code works. I have just verified today evening only. So, this is completely working piece of code. This is just to make sure all the keys are imported and then you create your own client. Okay. And just check the 
[2:19:43] authentication. This is just to check whether you are able to connect to the Langfuse server. Okay. Right now what we are using is the Langfuse deployed on some third party server the deployed or managed version of Langfuse but you can have a self-hosted version of Langfuse as well. Okay. So I'm just checking up my authentication. It is fine. And then you download your documents. Setting up the vector database. Creating it as a vector retriever. So this part is all 
[2:20:14] same. Nothing new. So I've just done it and define your customer query state. Creating all the node functions everything is all the same. Okay. All the nodes created. Building and compiling your graph. There's the same graph from here. Now back to langfuse tracing. Okay. So this is where langfuse replaces langmmith. Instead of setting langid tracing equal to true. That's what we did. Okay. That is what we did in the 
[2:20:44] previous notebook uh as the environment variable. We will be creating a custom call back handler from langfuse.lankchain. So this is the one which is going to create the uh tracing. Okay. And you can pass it to the config dictionary when streaming or invoking any langraph graph. And for each LLM call or a driver query and node execution, this is automatically traced. Okay. So the main difference is with 
[2:21:15] languid tracing is enabled as a environment variable. You just set up as a environment variable at a start of the notebook and that's it. There is no handler. There is no call back. There is no custom function from Langsmith with that you have to invoke or call or you know attach with your code or a graph nothing just set the environment variable at the top of the notebook forget it and then each and every API call which is happening in that entire 
[2:21:47] notebook anywhere gets automatically tracked. That is the convenience you get with LSmith. But here the same thing is done by call back handler explicitly in the configuration. So if you want to leave out some of the uh API calls for tracking that case that is also possible but in the langu case that is not possible. Okay because here it is used by using call back. So you can actually leave out some of the API calls for 
[2:22:17] tracking also if you want that option is there. Okay. So here I'm importing my call back handler and this is again creating the same wrapper function. Okay, I'm passing my agent prompt session ID and verbose. Everything is same. Here I'm creating my handler. Uh now again uh in lang uh code if you saw there was session ID and tags. So those 
[2:22:47] things I have removed which are not supported in langu. So agent.stream stream the blank fuse tracing fine for the entire agent. This is where you are setting for the entire agent and then you start running your agent and for each of those events means node execution. Event means node executions. You are just capturing that event and 
[2:23:18] printing. And for the final response, you are capturing it from the last uh agent state. Okay, final response is present in your agent state which you're capturing and uh displaying is as a proper markdown. So important in shortlived environments, notebooks or serless flush pending traces. So you can do this. Okay. So pending traces can be flushed and uh if you want you can return the final state of the agent for scoring later. So that 
[2:23:49] can be used for scoring as well. Fine. So I have created some user ID. This is the query and here this is exactly the same code that you had in your langraph also. Okay. There is no single change. I can open that once again and show you. So the way you are using that function is still the same. 
[2:24:21] So this code from lang is exactly same as the same code in langu. Okay. There is no change at all. Okay. So business scenario everything everything is same. AI product company receive diverse technical queries billing general support occasionally angry customers who need human escalation. So this is all the same. So front end how you use is all the same but back end these are the few additional lines that got added. 
[2:24:53] So first is creating that call back handler. So it will track every API call within that langraph and uh that was one and you attach that langfuse handler to your agent. Simple. Okay. So this is again the same in the end you just have to flush that. Yeah. So this is all the same. This is all the same. Nothing changed now. So now how do I add the feedback scores to the traces? So in languid you use the 
[2:25:26] client.create create feedback. So this is what you would be doing when you provide a run ID. So this is what I was trying to do. So you'll have to create a lang client and from there you'll have to create a feedback programmatically. Okay, that's what we did towards the end. Correct? We created the client and you can use a create feedback correctness score in Langfuse. The equivalent is langfuse.create create score instead of create feedback you'll 
[2:25:58] have to use create score which attaches a numeric or categorical score. So scoring is essential for monitoring quality over time filtering traces in the dashboard. So suppose you want to only look into those traces where the user has marked negative score or zero score. Okay, those are the flagged conversations. So you want to focus more on the flagged conversations. So that filtering can also be done in the uh dashboard building evaluation data sets 
[2:26:28] also can be done. Okay. So these are the three data types numeric 0 to one categorical correct or incorrect. Okay. And boolean true false simple thumbs up thumbs down. Right? So you create the client just like before and you set the trace limit. So fetch the recent traces to get the trace ids. So in this case I have set five. So I'm getting the last five trace ids. Okay. 
[2:26:58] And I'm just printing each of these trace ids and these are the customer queries. Okay. So these are the queries. So when you make these queries then only you'll be able to see the queries. Otherwise if you directly jump here this might be empty. Okay. So when you run the notebook in the same sequence you'll get all of these. Okay. Now the score the most recent trace with correctness feedback. So I'm just going to pull the last one. Okay, the latest uh score. It's in a reverse chronological order. 
[2:27:28] So the latest one is the first printed here. Okay, so this is the latest. So I'm getting the trace ID. Okay, and uh now I'm creating the create score function. Okay, I'm passing the trace ID correctness one numeric agent count. So this part is almost same what we did here. So here I was doing it using run ID. Here I'm using it using the trace ID right now. Correct. And then you can also add a categorical 
[2:28:00] helpfulness score. So here the metric name is helpfulness whether the answer was helpful or not. So answer being helpful is not same as answer being correct. Okay. So two different things are there. Agent correctly routed and answered. Here the response was relevant and addressed. So this is categorical. So yes or no this will be ultimately boolean only H. So scores have been assigned and then you can add it to this trace. So you can 
[2:28:33] also check this uh go to the lang fuse and then go to your project. This is how your project comes up. Click on tracing left side and now the traces start. Okay. So click on the last time stamp. Zoom out. So this is your trace ID. Okay. You can see everything. Thread ID is Prashan 001, telemetry SDK, version number, name, 
[2:29:04] scope, three items, attributes, whatever, public key and so on. Yes. And uh you can see total latency, total cost, usage, sum is 1350, input tokens, output tokens, reasoning tokens are also there which is charged as output tokens remember. Okay. And uh you have the ID also trace ID 
[2:29:41] A1 E2. So from there you can check this and uh you can add to the data sets annotate comment also you can add if you want the JSON form. Yeah there's the log view for each and 
[2:30:11] every item. Okay. And scores if you have done. So there was no scoring available for this. Maybe we can just check. So also you can see blockwise whichever block you click uh you will be able to see the trace for that particular block. Okay. So for the billing response this is what we got. Okay. So categorize inquiry whichever 
[2:30:42] you are clicking. Okay. you are getting the corresponding trace actually. So it's visually very very easy and you don't have to create this platform this environment nothing are able to get the same thing even better in fact now you see and this summation this is a summation capital sigma is the summation so total cost is this this is a total latency and total cost okay and for each step again you get to see so 125 was the input 84 was the output so 
[2:31:14] total is 209 that's how you would read it Okay, here also you can see runnables and so on. So individual chains are called as runnables and the overall node otherwise is this. So within the node you will get the chain and the vector store retriever and multiple steps are present in each of the nodes. So here you have the name of the nodes also. So you can click on the nodes from here or you can also click on the name of the nodes from here. Either way. 
[2:31:59] Yeah, you can see there are scores also I have provided. So this is 4352. 4352. Can you see the last trace ID is this for which I have provided 4352 F12 and for the same 4352 here at the top 4352 F12 that is what we were programmatically able to fetch. So this is the one which I fetched. I passed that I passed that trace ID to this 
[2:32:32] function. Yeah, to this function. And then I added the scores. Okay. And so these are the scores that I have. One is for uh helpfulness and one is for the correctness. You can see one means correct and other one is helpful. Correct. This way I have also updated the this way I have also updated the scores. That is for the trace. So trace ID will 
[2:33:04] not change. It's exactly the same. So anyway, but for this trace, I have got two scores already. Okay. Oh, sorry. So now viewing logs and traces in the Langfuse dashboard. So you can go ahead and check it out. These are the other things you can do. So time stamp, latency, cost, tags, everything is there. And you can also drill into a 
[2:33:34] trace. So these are some activity which I would like you to take spend time half an hour one hour explore the user dashboard over the next few days. Okay. So this is like you won't understand unless you actually do the hands-on and exploration at your own pace at your own end. Okay. So scores also I have just now showed you scores and metrics aggregated. So this is what each of these sections are 
[2:34:06] and you can also query traces and observations programmatically. So that's what I fetched here the last few traces input outputs everything okay with the time stamp from the lang fuse API. Can you see langfusei trace limit five? So last five I have retrived it and printed here and view additional LLM uh call observations generation for cost token analysis that also I have done here. So recent LLM observations 
[2:34:38] these are the model name the overall latency the overall cost. So now I can also do the flushing at the end. So langfuse batch events in the batches events in the background and sends them asynchronously to reduce the network uh overload. In longunning applications like web servers API, this works automatically fine. But in environments like this uh Jupyter notebooks or collab you should explicitly flush it or shut down at the very end 
[2:35:09] to ensure all pending events are sent to langfuse before the process exits. Okay. So flushing will finally register. It's like committing. Okay. So if the process is automatically ending, no problem. But otherwise you'll have to force flush so that it gets registered in the server to send all the pending events blocks until complete and finally shut down at the end of your application. Once everything is done, you can shut down your uh langu. 
[2:35:41] This ensures all remaining events are flushed. Anyway, so shutdown is for flashing everything. Okay, fine. I think I have given almost everything. Let me just check this. Okay, almost we are time up fine. So tomorrow we'll start with the MCP part. Okay, I'll give you a quick overview of what MCP is, what A2A protocol is, what problem does it solve, where are we 
[2:36:12] going to use them, how to create your MCP server and clients in the local machine and also how to create it for the uh server deployed MCP server kind of thing and uh we'll take uh two hands on one in a Jupyter notebook and the other One is like I have the same customer support router agentic rack system 
[2:36:45] on which no not this sorry there is another project insurance claim processing multi- aent system it's a hierarchal agent that I have created using crewi and lang smmith no langraph okay so I've created with both we'll take one of them mostly we'll take the langraph one because mostly we are familiar with that. So it's a hierarchal agent. There is a supervisor agent. Then you have lot of worker agents. So supervisor agent will uh you know 
[2:37:15] supervise all these worker agents. These worker agents can also communicate with each other. So all those so that's a true multi-agentic system production grade system that I will try to demonstrate that will not be running on collab that will run on my local machine and that also has guard rails and everything set so it's like a proper enterprisegrade agentic system full agentic system okay so that I will demonstrate I'll give you 
[2:37:47] all the code I'll run it and show you how it works okay so we have proper PII reduction we have guard rail set at the input at the output to we'll discuss a complete architecture so that will take your knowledge to production grade I would say okay so I don't know if that would finish because that will take much more time so at least we'll start the discussion and maybe we'll continue to the next week if needed okay 
[2:38:18] uh last questions Can you make a code to purposefully make a bottleneck and show how to troubleshoot? Interesting. Tim, I will take this. Not today. We are already time up. But maybe definitely tomorrow. That's also 
[2:38:49] interesting. I have just taken a note of that. Interesting. Uh Langfuse is working for me in produ production. How will it be handled? Uh the flushing. No. So it's all within the code. So don't worry. Okay. Okay. Uh this is interesting. Creating a purposeful bottleneck. I I'll see how it can be done uh for the demonstration. 
[2:39:21] Yes. Okay, cool. Thank you. And we'll meet tomorrow. Same time, same link. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.
