
[0:09] I think the last session we were having, oh, we were talking about tool calling agents in lang chain, right? Okay. 
[2:27] Yeah. So this was the project that we were doing in lang chain I think. Uh so in the last week we have already covered the agentic patterns plus the no code u agent builder from openai. So now we are going to create a lot of agents using lang chain lang graph. So lchain this is the only project but quite extensive. Langchain is not 
[2:58] technically a framework to create serious agents for tool calling agents. it's good but anything beyond that you should be checking out with langraph. So lang graph is the actual framework for creating more complex more serious agents or agentic workflows I would say. Okay. So after this we'll be directly upgrading to LN graph agents. Okay. So we'll be having two notebooks here. I've got them ready. Okay. And if time permits we'll start with a project but 
[3:30] uh if not today then we'll take this project tomorrow. Okay. Fine. So all good any questions or anything 
[4:03] see why is lang not sufficient? No uh the question is actually wrong. uh utkash lang chain is used for production not for agents langchain is the entire ecosystem within the lang chain you have specific packages for specific things so let's say tool calling is there from langchain if you want to create custom tools you will mostly use lang chain once again 
[4:34] okay but uh let's say you want to add memory you want to add conversational interfaces. So for some of these let's say memory part again lanch chain already has it but if you want to add a conversational interface you'll use chain lit if you want to let's say add more complex agents you'll use lang graph if if you want to add more on traceability observability you'll use lang okay uh if you want a open-source 
[5:07] version of the lang smith you will use lang fuse if you want to go for deployment you'll use lang bank and serve. Okay. So, different components are there within lang chain ecosystem which are more specialized uh for specific use cases. So, langchain is the mother framework which will orchestrate many of these things. Okay. So for lang uh sorry for agents lang graph is the better framework for 
[5:37] creating all sort of exotic and customized um agents right and agentic workshops but we'll still be using lang chain to orchestrate and connect that langchain agent sorry lang graph agent with the other part of the workflow. So let's say you want to put memory into that you'll still use lang chain or if you want to have multi-user conversation capabilities you will still use lang 
[6:08] chain so agent is the same but how does the agent interact with the remaining system so for that you will still use lang chain although you have created the agent using lang graph I hope that is clear what are the plans for the next classes can you please provide that's what I'm giving you sum so uh session and the next week again. So three sessions I'll have on Langraph. So by the next sess next week end that is 13th and 14th we'll be mostly done with 
[6:38] the uh 14th and 15th sorry yeah we'll be done with the langraph agents and then we'll have a deployment session on 21st karthik that's correct 21st that is announced. Yes sir. Yeah. So whatever agents that we have created, we'll pick one of these agents and actually take it to the deployment. So that is a plan for the 21st. Yeah. 
[7:22] Okay. So, anyone facing any issues uh in this langchain agent that we created the last week? Everything all good? 
[7:57] So did you get chance to execute these? Uh this IP YNB. Okay. 
[8:50] don't need a TPU. So change it back to a CPU. Okay, change it back to a CPU if that is anything other than CPU. And share this. I think that was already shared in the last session. 
[9:28] Fine. So let's have a quick recap. Okay. So here we are going to build a beginner friendly uh agents in uh LChain. We'll be building three agents. Okay. uh one is our Wikipedia agent, one is a web search agent, one is a calculator agent. Plus, we'll also create custom agents and bind it with the LLMs. So, these are the two things uh we are going to learn end to end. Okay. And why do you need agents? Uh everyone knows why do you need tools? Okay, without tools, agents 
[10:00] are just you know pure LLM API calls. Okay, so agent is a combination of three things. I have mentioned at least three things and you can have more but at least three things. One is the brain of the agent which is your LLM. Second is the tools. Okay. Tool execution capabilities. Okay. And then third, what is the other one? State. Correct. So these are the three 
[10:30] things. How does agent keep a track of what all has been done and what it is going to do and where is it going to update what it has done actually. So that is the three tricks main components. Additionally in the application layer you can add memory. So which is not technically a part of the agent but it is more of a part of the application layer. Okay. So memory as I said right. So uh there are uh let me just write it here. 
[11:12] Okay. So in 
[11:46] So as I said in the agent uh first thing is your LLM that acts as your brain. Okay. Second is your tools. Okay. Uh tool execution. Third thing is uh prompt actually uh prompt will have all the uh task you can say instructions. 
[12:16] Okay. Format of the output. Format of output. Okay. Um what else? Uh um role of course task plus ro. task plus role and then the JD this is like a JD job description for the agent okay so task role okay you are a fan agent this is a highle task and in detail this is 
[12:46] these are the things that you are supposed to do so that's like a job description so these are the three main things which define the agent okay and on top of that you can have number four which is your agent state and uh h your memory component. So these are the things which are actually handled by the application layer. Okay. So application layer which is typically either in lang chain or 
[13:17] your langraph. Okay. So these are your langraph components you can say which handles these things. Fine. So per say the agent does not have a state but agent has to interact with the state. That is how you have to understand. Agent does not have a state of its own but uh agent will read the state and update the state. Okay. So it will need access to the state which it is inherently having. 
[13:48] Okay. So every agent will have inherent access to the state. But state is like a whiteboard. We'll talk about the state today. Okay. when we start with the line graph. So for now this is just a high level you may not be able to understand everything that's completely fine when we are when I'm going to demonstrate each and everything state I am going to demonstrate memory not today but maybe tomorrow okay so I'm going to take the hands-on on the state how exactly we are going to build a state step by step uh we are literally going to build that state from scratch okay and this clarity 
[14:19] will be there okay but these three things uh will always be an integral part of an agent uh whether it is coming from uh now brain is being used for your uh thinking reasoning thinking you can say reasoning planning reasoning planning this is all the so whether you create this agent by using langraph or you use creai creu aai or you are using autogen or any 
[14:53] other framework these are the three things which always will be common in their definition. Okay. Now, CUI may call the state as something else. Crei may implement a memory in a different way. But so these because as I said these are application layer things. So how the other frameworks are supporting will be slightly different. But inherently because these are not directly a part of the agent then how are these things executed that will be quite different in different frameworks. 
[15:25] But any agent that you create in any other framework will have these three things in common. Okay. Okay. So let's continue. Um so what is agent agent state and those things we will not discuss right now. It's going to be anyway discussed uh when we start with the langraph s. So just hold on till that point. Right. Um 
[15:58] fine uh this is what we have already discussed I think. Uh yeah so the agent that we are going to create in this uh lang chain is basically reasoning and action. Okay. So you are asking the agent something. The agent will think okay uh let's say I'm asking the agent what is the weather in Mumbai? it will give a thought okay I need to check the current weather and then it will say that okay I have got these tools okay 
[16:28] uh so one of these tools is weather API using the weather API I'm supposed to uh fetch the weather for Mumbai okay so Mumbai becomes the query and this is the tool so the agent the LLM component of the agent I would say the LLM component of the agent will also uh do the thinking reasoning planning And as a result of all that thinking, reasoning it will identify. So that is a net deliverable by the agent. Okay. So LLM component of the 
[17:00] agent will have two kind of deliverables. First is to identify the right the right tool or tools. Okay. Required for that task required for the task. So that is done by the that identification is done by the LLM. Okay. LLM does not execute and then the tool execution starts. Okay. But for the tool to execute it will also give you the second thing. So first is the identification step and 
[17:30] second is the uh query or you know query or some additional information needed for the tool execution. Okay. needed for tool execution. So for example, it was able to identify that I'm going to use the weather API as the tool. That is the first component. But the second component here was the actual query. So here the query is extracted from the users query. Okay. So this is the query 
[18:02] part. What will be the input to the tool? So you can say this is nothing but the input to the tool. input to the tool is also identified. Okay. So first it identifies the right tool and then it also identifies the exact input I have to give to the tool. Okay. Tool cannot be just executed anywhere. Okay. So to execute the tool it will need the right set of inputs. So what should be the right input uh for the tool execution 
[18:33] that is also given by the LLM. So these are the two things which the LM identifies. And the third thing when it has all the information, the third thing is basically the final response. Final response generation is also done by the same LLM. Okay. But before it goes to the final response generation, you can see the agent response. So who responds? When I say the agent is responding, it's basically the LLM which is responding. there is no other generative model 
[19:05] anywhere else. Okay. So once the LLM sees that all the data has been available to me now I have got all the required information uh then it will do the final response generation. So that response generation is also handled by the LLM. Okay. So agent's response is technically the LLM's response. So these are the three things which the agent is actually doing. Fine. So there are several use cases I have 
[19:37] already discussed. I'll not repeat everything. Uh let's start executing this. Um now here you might get some warnings about deprecated functions or deprecated u uh or conflicting uh um package versions and so on. I just want to get rid of all that for now. You can install lang chain lang chain open ain langchain community. So all these things I have discussed. So just install them one by one. 
[20:09] How agents know which agent is not knowing protein? Agent has got a brain which is the LLM. LLM is equipped with reasoning and thinking capabilities. The LLM does that thinking. Okay. Uh can you share the other component responsibilities? Tool prompt. So I uh I think I just mentioned the tool we are 
[20:39] going to do. Okay. So tool is these are the things which we have already discussed in the last session also reupa. Okay. So tool is required to fulfill the user request. Okay, if the user is simply asking questions from the LLM, it does not need a agent. Okay, user will ask the agent to to perform some action. So who is performing that action that is coming because of the tool 
[21:11] and prompt is needed to clarify what task it is supposed to do in detail. So all that information additional information about the instructions format of the output any constraints what all has happened to to some extent everything is provided in that prompt state and memory we'll discuss later so if that is missed no problem we'll discuss that later you can just keep a note anyway we'll discuss about those 
[21:43] things later although I have touched upon Right? But if you think it's still not yet done, don't worry, we'll do it later. Uh I'm expecting that you guys already have all these API keys uh which we have already discussed in the previous sessions. Okay. So three tools that we are going to uh create. Uh one is the Wikipedia tool which is already there. Uh so this is a Wikipedia tool. You can import from uh the lang. And then we are adding a 
[22:14] wrapper over that tool. Uh it's not mandatory but uh if you want you can add a wrapper to change the tool name and the tool tool description. So this is the default name and the tool description that you got from uh uh the Wikipedia tool which is imported from langchain community tools. You see this tool is already available. I'm not creating this tool. This tool will import the top three results based on the user query. And for each of the results, the first 8,000 characters of 
[22:46] the Wikipedia page will be extracted and given back to the user. So that will become the tool execution output. Okay. So, so this is your uh tool that we are importing. You are creating an instance of that tool and then uh this is what you are doing. And you are putting this parser for better HTML parsing because the output of that tool will be HTML page. So you want to you know present it in a more 
[23:19] decent format to the user. Okay. So you want to extract all the HTML elements properly. So that is what the XML does. Fine. So this is the tool name and the description you get directly from this uh Wikipedia API wrapper. Okay. So if you want you can change it. So you can see this tool description u this is already coming from the uh tool which is the default. Okay. 
[23:51] And the arguments which this tool takes. So it is the query. So query is the field name. Okay. Which the tool takes mandatory. So that's a mandatory field. Okay. And what is that? query means that this description tells you that okay this is a query to look up on Wikipedia right fine so we have already covered all these things in the last session I'm just quickly going through uh again uh I'm conducting a Wikipedia search on the query as is so you can change this query to anything okay if you want to change 
[24:23] let's say uh Chandraan Chandra let's This is a different query I'm running on the fly. Can you maximize the screen one training has font size? Uh, you want me to increase the font size? Yes. Yeah, it's good. Yeah. Okay. 
[24:55] Fine. So this is um this I changed just now but yeah the these are the results. So one page is exactly having the name title as Chandrean page. Um the other is Chundrean one and the other page is Chandrean Gupta. So probably this is the name of some old city in Hyderabad. Fine. So but with this keyword these are the top three results that I have got. Okay. 
[25:31] Uh fine. So if you want you can again uh let's take um India AI mission. India AI mission. This is something I am handling a project for them. Fine. So, India AI is a web portal 
[26:03] launched by the government of India and uh that works in close coordination with other government bodies especially MIT. Yes. And uh egovernance division which is also a part of the um NIC National Institute of Smart Governance. and uh of course NASCOM and other schools. Fine, that is good. And what is the other page? There is a page on AI India and AI safety. Fine, whatever it is. Okay, there is a question. 
[26:43] So, NTS the see all the cool uh from warnings import warning yes you have to run that everything all the code blocks you have to run exactly in the same uh order have you used some tools to generate the skeleton cursor anti-gravity or AI tools for this code this code uh this entire notebook has gone you know significant revisions so this was the first version which I created somewhere in the first week of January January last year and after that 
[27:15] for all the subsequent batches this has been undergoing drastic changes. So first time it was created by uh using the documentation page the line chain and the langraph documentation and then later on modified okay this was not done using cursor anti-gravity or any of those AI tools. So some part of it was uh derived from uh because those guys will again uh use their brain and the 
[27:45] problem with these tools is their brain is trained 8 months ago 7 months ago and the codes so for example these libraries are so recent if there is a change in the last month these guys would not be knowing it okay these models I'm saying okay brain means model these models would not be knowing it. So you cannot start creating this kind of a thing from scratch using cursor anti-gravity these days. Okay. Now 
[28:18] reason I I told you okay they will give you something but two problems will be there. Number one the code will be outdated. It will use lot of outdated and deprecated functions. Okay especially if you are not using the latest versions. So if you're using let's say claude set 3.7 which was trained in 2024 you'll get a very different code versus if you are using claude opus 4.6. Same goes with GPT. If you're using GPT 
[28:50] 40 or 40 mini you will that is that was trained in 2024 you'll get a completely different code outdated deprecated code versus you are using GPT 5.2 which was trained 6 months ago let's say or four months ago. Okay. So I usually never start with generated codes. That's the worst case scenario. I mean that's not the good practice even. Okay. I always start with the documentation, the official documentation. This is slightly a hard way to expect for new beginners 
[29:23] and so on. That is the reason you have paid thousands of dollars to you know subscribe to the course. So you would not be starting from scratch. you would not be getting into the hassles of going through the documentation pages and you know overwhelming yourself. Okay, but that is our task. So we don't start from these models. I mean that that's never the right approach. Okay, these models can hallucinate any random code and then we are trapped. 
[29:54] Okay. So we always start from the official documentation pages which are the most proper way to do it. These days what I'm trying also to do is some of the documentation pages some not all also have a button called as copy page. So if I want to generate a tutorial from some of those I just copy that entire page. Okay. Not the way you copy drag and drop and control C. know there's a specific way of copying such pages documentation pages. So if I get that 
[30:25] facility then obviously I use uh that copy button or copy function and copy that page onto your cursor anti-gravity whatever model you want to use. So that now the model's code is grounded on the functions on the classes on the way which is mentioned in that particular documentation page. So unless you ground these models, they'll simply hallucinate any random code and that is a big pain point. Okay. So that was your answer to the question. 
[30:59] Okay. So this is done. Yeah, that's what I told you. Yeah, there is a tool you can use to wrap your existing tools. So this is while wrapping I'm just changing the function name or you can say the tool name and uh the description. So this is just a wrapper over a tool and tool itself was a wrapper you can say that's why you can see this was already named as a wrapper. Okay. So tool technically is a wrapper over 
[31:29] lot of so there might be some you know a big Python class or a function behind the scenes. In fact, it is not a function. It is a class. Because uh if you are coming from Python programming background, you would know that there is something called as PEP 8 style guidelines. Okay. PEP 8 style guidelines. If you have never followed this page, okay, and 
[32:53] I think I had disconnected. No worries. Yeah. So this is the class we uh created a instance of that and within that class the entire code for connecting with Wikipedia fetching all the information is there and some customization can be done. These are now class instance or um you can say 
[33:23] yeah these are the instance variables. These are the instance variables. Now exactly how they are being done you have to you know check the actual uh documentation page which will have all the details okay so you can click on this you can view the source if you are really interested it will fetch you see that's what I told you this is a class name and this is the complete these are your instance variables class variables to be specific if there is anything which is directly coded within the class these are class variables okay and then there are instance variables which are 
[33:54] coded within the function definitions. Okay, fine. So, uh to use you should have the Wikipedia Python package which we have already installed. This is a wrapper and so on. So, yeah, you can see this is the complete actual code of this how this is working. Everything is there. Okay. So, this is how it fetches the page. This is how it uh connects that page to the document. And these are the things that we are extracting. You can see title, summary 
[34:25] and the source. Okay. And how many fine uh and then how to execute? So that is where the executor is Wikipedia query run. So this is the executor to that tool. Okay. Now you want to customize that tool but you cannot customize the entire functionality. If you want to customize the entire functionality, you'll have to change the way this class has been coded. Okay? So you have to change the source code. The only customization right now is uh that I'm discussing here is customizing the name 
[34:56] of the uh tool and the customizing the description of the tool. These are the only two customizable options by using the tool uh class from lang chain. So here you are wrapping an existing tool and while wrapping okay while wrapping you are providing a custom name that's the only thing which is happening no additional functionality nothing okay so there was a Wikipedia tool and on top of it you added your own tool 
[35:27] so this is a wrapper over wrapper so this is your wrapper okay and while doing that you are just changing the name and the description that's functionality is exactly the same and that's what you are saying the functionality is coming from your Wikipedia API runner okay so this is the same so you are not changing that fine then there is nothing more to discuss we have already discussed all these things fine now there is another thing called stey now uh so you want to 
[36:00] do a web search so there are two types of web searches so tool for web search you can say tool for web search. Okay. So there is one type of tool which will fetch the fetch the uh you can say actual content of the pages content of the pages and fetch the the other one is fetching the search results. fetch the search 
[36:34] results page. Now these guys are called as serpent tools. These are called as serer tools. S e r p er. Okay. So search engine results page. Okay. So search engine results page that is the full form of SER. Okay. and any tool which is working to fetch the so what does this tool fetch you so this is these are the hyperlinks of the top 10 pages okay 
[37:06] these are the hyperlinks the names exactly if you do any Google search the first thing that you get is the search engine results page so a tool which can fetch the search engine results page that is called as a serer tool that's a serp tool what is tavly tav is not a serer tool. Tavi is not a serp tool. Tavly directly fetches this another uh option another option. So one is tavly 
[37:37] and the other is brave. Brave search. Okay. So you can also check this. So one option is this other option is this brave search. You can just go to So there are many options for this helper tools also. Okay, there are many options. So brave. So lot of uh no code platforms or there are lot lot of you know frameworks they 
[38:09] also have a API. They also have a API you can see and uh both of them are making money. So see this page that you see here, this page is called as the SERP, search engine results page. This is the page what the serp fetches whatever I have highlighted that is the outcome that is the output of the serper tool. Okay. But what brave and tavally does is it will navigate to each of these links. It will actually navigate to each of these links. So let's say it will internally click and then navigate 
[38:41] fetch all the content which is present in this page and then it will fetch that content and give it to you. That's what I have written here. It will fetch the actual content of these pages and give you that content in a raw format in a polish format both. Okay. So right now we are using tely which is free. Brave is also free with very limit uh you know limits within limits I think. So you can just check that. 
[39:13] So that is the search engine optimized for LLMs and rack similar to Brave. Okay. And there are multiple options. I'm not saying these are the only two. There are many more. But these are the two which I have extensively used. That is the way I can put it right now. Fine. So you would use Wikipedia for factual knowledge which is established, verifiable. Okay. heavily for any current events which just happened an hour ago and you think that the some of the news uh pages have already reported that of course unless it is reported 
[39:45] unless it is there on the internet you would not be able to fetch it. So Wikipedia will not get updated every day. Okay. It will be mostly used for historical facts, general knowledge and encyclopedic kind of information. TE is more for current news and events. Perfect. So how many results that you want to fetch? Advanced board and if you want to include the raw content which will also have the HTML format everything not just the snippets. Okay. So these things I have already discussed maybe I'll just go ahead. Okay. And uh again there is a package 
[40:16] called as rich. you are importing that rich package to uh format the output nicely. Okay. So here the search query is model context protocol MCP. Okay. And this is the query result that I have used. Tell me about the model context protocol. This is the query and I'm now getting all these results. So total results found is six. And you can actually go up and uh you know patiently scroll everything. Okay, this is the first result. So I've just printed the 
[40:47] first result here. You can see the title, URL, content score. This is the similarity score based on the user query. So this is the user query. Okay. And the query based on the title of the page and the content. Okay. So this is the content. And how similar is that content to the query? That is the similarity score. Okay. So higher the better. You highest number is one. Anyway, 100% match. So this is like almost matching 90% to the user query and this is the raw content. Okay, you 
[41:18] can see so it has still stripped off the HTML tags but uh still the formatting tags are there. Formatting tag means the markdown formats. I think the last class I did talk about markdown formats. You can see these are the markdown format codes. This backslash and the hashes these are all your markdown. So two hashes means H2 heading, single hash means H1 heading. Okay. Star, star means bold. So anything related to the formatting is preserved but the actual 
[41:49] HTML tags are removed. Okay. So this way you are still able to get the entire content but without the HTML tags which is not needed anyway. Fine. So I have already given the explanation for these. Okay. So this is the summary what all we have learned till now. Okay. Now we want to build our own tool. Let's say we'll build a calculator tool and then how do we connect that tool to the LLM. So till now we have got two tools. The Wikipedia tool that every tool we 
[42:20] have executed both the tools they are working. And now I will connect these tools to the actual model. That's the next thing we are going to do. Fine. So let's create a simple map tool uh using a tool decorator. So earlier we had used the tool class. Okay. Now this is the tool decorator. So there are two different things that was capital T tool. So whenever the name is in capitals okay as per the pepit style guidelines that will be a class. This is not a class. This is a function you can 
[42:52] say and you're using that as a decorator. Okay. So I'm creating a simple tool which will take two numbers and multiply those two numbers. it will simply return the multiplication result of those two numbers. Okay. So I'll just execute this tool. Okay. So multiplyname the this is the name of the tool. This is the description of the tool and these are the arguments. Arguments means what are the inputs needed by this tool. Okay. What 
[43:22] are the inputs needed by this tool. So this tool needs small A and small B. Okay. These are the two inputs that the tool needs. Fine. Uh, this tool is used to multiply the two numbers and this is the name of the tool as such. So, you can see three double quote start, three double quote end. And how do you code the description for that? I would strongly suggest you to follow PEP 257 style guidelines. Pep 257 
[43:53] style dockstring standards. That is 257 is docking standard. Okay. So please spend time some time in understanding these standards. Okay. So that is how a proper coding of the documentation string happens. Okay. So how do you do that? This is what we call as the documentation string starting from three double quote ending with three double quotes just below the name of the function name of the class. This is called as the dock string. Okay. So is 
[44:25] very very important. If you are going to aspire a serious developer role, okay, creator role, builder role, anything related to that, you have to adhere to these standards, okay? Or speaking about these standards during your interviews can make a huge change in the mindset. So that they know only those people who actually code by themselves, they know these standards. Those people who are completely dependent on uh these models 
[44:55] to write down the codes, they would never know the names and numbers of these standards. You see, we have done that in the last 15 years. I have hardcoded all these several lacks of codes, I would say. So, I know these standards because all your production level code has to adhere to these standards. Okay. And the third thing that you should know strongly is Pantic. Okay. So pi dantic. So learn this pi dantic. Okay. So these 
[45:25] are the three things you should be you know very comfortable uh for any developer role, builder role, agentic builder role, LLM engineer role, anything which is not to do with let's say architect okay or a decision maker. But even for architect you have to ensure that your team who is writing the code follows these documentation standards. Okay. So, three things I'll just put these names in the chat. PEP 8, 
[45:55] PEP 257. So, PEP 8 is your style guidelines. PEP 257 is doc string standards. PEP 8 has been written written literally that page has been written by none other than Gaido Jan Rasim who has who is the creator of Python language. You can just search Pep 8. The result that you get style guideline for Python code the very first result that you get is the name of the guy Gaido one rum he is the creator of Python language okay so it's coming 
[46:28] directly from the source and the third thing is pantic so these three things you should be comfortable okay if you don't want to lose your job to a AI model because these models are anyway trained but How do you communicate to the interviewer? Okay, that you also can write down meaningful production level code which adheres to these standards. So softly while making your 
[46:58] presentation or you know interview just utter these two three key words and see the impact. Okay. So these are some tricks. Okay. Although I mean but you should look into these pages and be comfortable already. what is mentioned. Okay, it shouldn't happen that you are just bluffing out different names or you know keywords without actually knowing it. Fine. Uh so you can see the data type is a structured tool and let's test this tool. Yes. So I'm invoking the tool 
[47:31] because this is all a tool created by using lang chain. So anything in lang chain has to be invoked to run. So invoking means to execute the tool to execute the chain to run that chain or to execute that chain. So invoking means u execution in simplest terms. So you are executing the multiply tool by using these two inputs right and you are printing the output. Fine. You can just change these numbers and say okay let's say I'll make it uh 1.234 
[48:02] and 3.14 say let's see. So this is the output m. Okay. Again this can be minus uh 2 91 and this is uh 13.28. Let's see. So you're getting something. No doubt. 
[48:34] So you can do integer multiplication. You can do floating point multiplication anything that you want but uh multiplication of a integer with a string will only replicate the string. Okay. So you can say hello space hello space and see what happens. Hello hello hello hello let's say I'll make it uh 10. So hello gets replicated 10 times. So that is the basic thing again from Python. 
[49:05] Okay, let's see if there are any questions. Mary is asking what is the benefit of wrapping? Right now the only benefit as I have shown you okay is to change the name and the description. That's it. Teav is a web scraper uh in a way. Yes, not web scraper. Sorry, sorry, sorry. 
[49:36] Ward, it's not a web scraper. I have repeated that several times. Okay, it's your search engine uh results fetcher you can say. Plus, it will actually fetch the not just the results, but it will actually go and navigate into those search results and fetch the content of the top five, tops three, top four, whatever that number you are putting. It will fetch the content of the top search results. 
[50:10] Okay. 
[50:55] Um, So if it is not standard tool like a Wikipedia custom tools can also be created. Yes, that is what we have seen. Next. Okay. There is one more question by Kasha. Pantic is similar to type. Okay. Um they are related in a sense. Okay. I would say u I mean describing what fields exist and what 
[51:27] they have but different layers are there. Okay. Type is mostly uh you know for static type checking. Okay. It doesn't have validation that's another uh thing which I remember or no coercion is there. Okay. No parsing or no coercion. And uh it's good when you want to have a lightweight implementation uh 
[51:58] and you already trust that the input which will be given by the user the user is going to stick to that format. Okay. So tabict is more informative you can say whereas pantic will enforce data types. Okay. That's like data validation plus parsing I would say uh and coercion uh in a sense it will not only validate but coers coers means it will force the user to pass the exact same data type in the 
[52:31] inputs if the data type doesn't match it will actually throw an error so that coercion is implemented by using pyantic okay it will also have defaults what is the data type it is expecting so you can set up the defaults and constraints and so on. So that is what my understanding about these two are. Okay. So going ahead. So from piantic I'm importing the base model. Again we'll be using this base model to uh create a schema for the 
[53:02] tool. Okay. So we have this pyantic and field tools. And then the structure tool. This will be needed to Yeah. So this will be needed to create your uh tool and bind it with the LLMs. Again, this is coming from your lang 
[53:32] core tools. Fine. Um okay. So here I think it is already written uh the base model is coming from your pyantic. So definitely we'll be not only implementing the data type. So it expects a and b. A and b are supposed to be float. And this is the name or description of that a and b. So what is a and b? That description is given by first number and second number. So these are the fields which are described by this. So it's like a description you are 
[54:04] adding to the inputs. simple description that you are adding to the inputs. Okay. So base class essentially or sorry this base model is actually like a base class which you are inheriting from the pyantic model. Okay. So it's like inheriting a schema. Okay. And you are building on top of that schema. So this schema already has these components built in. for example, runtime validation, coercion, uh 
[54:34] type parsing. Okay, so this is already built in within that base model. Defaults and you know field description. So all these are coming from the base model. You are just modifying that base model and creating your own class definition for the data type. Uh okay. And here then you are creating this multiply. Okay. So this is taking a and b again this is like float and this will simply result. So it's the same as the previous 
[55:05] function. Now you are creating a structured tool from this function. So structure tool dot from function you are passing that function. So essentially whenever we say that tool is being executed you are technically executing a function behind the scenes. So which function you will be executing behind the scene. This is the you can provide a different name but usually we don't change the name that will only lead to confusion. This is the description of the tool. You can say now this multiply is the tool whereas this 
[55:35] multiply that you created here was a function. So you are wrapping that multiply function with the tool. Okay, you are wrapping it by using here. Okay, and now this multiply which will go into your memory. Okay, will be a multiply named. So let me just show you this step by step. I just execute this and let's see type. Okay, so as of now 
[56:07] your multiply is a function, right? Now I'm going to wrap this function with the tool. Okay. So now when I execute this, the same multiply will have a different data type. Now the same multiply has become a tool. Okay. So that multiply was earlier a function. Okay. And now that same multiply has become a tool because we have wrapped it. And that's what exactly this is doing. Fine. Schema. So schema 
[56:39] will tell you that okay this tool needs these these fields for the execution which all fields it needs uh it needs field A and field B. So essentially you have to do the mapping. So if uh let's say this mapping has to be same as this mapping otherwise again there is a problem. Okay. So if the function needs three inputs, the tool also will have to have three inputs, right? Or the third input can be a default if it is not provided. So that you can uh change. 
[57:12] Okay. So when I execute, I get the name of the tool, description of the tool, and now the name of the fields and their descriptions. Okay. So name of the field and their descriptions. Let's test this tool. Okay. So now this multiply was a tool which we created using lchain. It's a lanch chain tool. Okay. And now that tool is also working fine. Earlier we checked that okay this multiply. So now you might think okay I was able to create the same tool just by wrapping 
[57:44] with at the rate you know uh decorator. So this is the simplest way. For very very simple tools you can actually use this technique. For very simple tools, you can use this. But here the problem is there is uh no way to force there is no way to force the user or even tell the user that this tool needs exactly these two inputs. Number one and validation is not there. And if you want the coercion and validation, you have to go with the pantic version, the structure tool that 
[58:15] we created just now. So for example if I just execute this uh and I'll just show you who's now the same is a structured rule okay basically because of that but again enforcement is not there so that you have to remember which means if I try to multiply uh let's say 2.12 with ABC let's see what happens 
[58:50] So it will say that this is not callable and some type of error. Now let's see what happens if I okay fine. Now that has again become a structured tool after you have enforced it using pyante. Uh you can test it. Okay. Now let me do one more thing. 
[59:21] Actually it is already there. I have done it. Okay. So if you just directly do it without see these are the problems. Okay. So when you invoke it with a number and a text then you will get a problem because it was expecting both A and B as it was expecting both A and B as floats. You can see A is float B is float. So that is the advantage of pyantic. It 
[59:52] will give you a proper validation report. Okay there is a validation error in the calculated input. So that pyantic enforces. Fine. So these are the some real world use cases some people had been asking in the chat. Okay. So tool that searches the web and extract that is your web search tool. It can be used in research, research assistant, competitive intelligence gathering, content aggregation, data collection based on on the-fly you know concept and the topic generation and these are the things 
[1:00:22] which are included in that tool. First the searching, second is converting the HTML content into a markdown content, stripping of the HTML tags and the third is uh summarizing that markdown content also. So teary tool I think we have seen the last session. So here the tell me about the Microsoft Q1. Now this is already Q three results of 2025 should be available. Okay. 
[1:00:54] Yeah I think it is available. So Q3 results of Microsoft are available now. This is already Feb. So it should be or even Q4 because in India we follow a different format. So Q4 results also should be available. And it talks about SEC filings and so on. Fountain here. Nice. So I'm able to get all these results and probably these are coming directly from the Microsoft's 
[1:01:24] page. Okay. We can see the very first result is So this much content you have you know extracted from the internet. Yeah. So Microsoft MSFT that is the you know ticker. Okay. For Microsoft on these NASDAQ and so on. Q4 earnings report that is exactly the name of this page. 
[1:01:56] You can navigate to this and see the title of the page is Microsoft. I put my cursor over there. You can see MSFT Q4 earnings report. So that is the title and this is the results that was fetched. You can just check that. So this is the overall content 99.99 is the content matching similarity. So you see without you having actually going to the Google or any other search engine without you having typing down 
[1:02:28] anything without you having clicking on the results without you having pulling all those results so this is all being automated by this simple tool I'm still not calling it as an agent this is a simple tool call can do so many things you see and this is the raw now in the raw you you see that if I just go to the view page source you will have all sort of hyperlinks and everything. Okay. So that is a raw content basically this has fetched. Okay. So moving on. 
[1:03:00] So this is the actual URL or the first result that is CNBC 2025. Um and then you can convert all that result into markdown also. Now this can give you results if it is forbidden. So that is a problem. Many of these uh websites will not allow the content to be scraped properly and that is the reason you will get this 
[1:03:31] HTTP error. Okay. So this can happen. So let's try for some other URLs. Okay. Client 429 error. Too many request again. Okay, fine. What about the other one? 403 error. So mostly 403 error is what you will expect. Okay, because all these web pages are reserving their rights. At the end of each of these page, you will 
[1:04:02] see all rights reserved and that is where the problem starts. Okay. So in at the end of any of these pages you will see copyrighted information all rights reserved or something like that. You can see all rights reserved and that is a culprit here because all the rights are reserved. This is the error you get. So if it is coming from Wikipedia or any of those then this is not going to throw an error but otherwise these are the reasons as per my 
[1:04:32] understanding. Okay. HTTP error. Okay. Um Cool. Yeah. So this is the document title. Uh and then you can see all the page content. So you are able to fetch the page content but probably the conversion into markdown format that was giving an error 
[1:05:03] I guess. Yeah. Yeah. This conversion itself was just green and this is a different package. Okay. So you are able to already extract the content by using tei. Say te was already extracting. But if you try to extract the content using the URL using a different package. Okay. Let's say you feed any other URL to this markdown. So the beauty of this markdown is it will extract the webpage content and give you in a markdown format but only few of the pages will 
[1:05:36] work not all but our tavi has already extraction of the our tavi has already done the extraction of the web page results and that is what I'm printing below see this is the content coming from tavly okay not coming from your mark it down as such okay because this anyway failed right this anyway failed This document content anyway failed. So where is this document content coming from then? Okay. This is coming from Tavly actually. Okay. 
[1:06:06] So this was the search result you can see. So all this is coming from now I can pass that to mark it down for formatting later. Okay. So let's bind all of these and uh you know put it in a more structured format. So configure the table for search results. Some people were asking for the additional configurations. I would strongly encourage you to go to the 
[1:06:38] in documentation page. All the further customization can be discussed over there. Okay. So what is fetching the results? You can see table search results maximum and there are many more options table search results here I'm doing table search results. So one option here is how many pages you want to fetch advanced mode include the answer false and raw content true. So include answer 
[1:07:08] means basically it will try to uh you know generate some uh LLM generated because Tele is powered by an LLM behind the scenes which also tries to summarize the content present in that web page. So I don't want that to happen. I just want to see the raw content. Okay. And then you are uh creating the Tory tool and then wrapping it with your own structure tool. So either rate is your structure tool that we have seen. Okay. But you 
[1:07:40] are not enforcing piantic right now because you are doing in a lazy way. You can do it in a proper structure tool thing and you can bind a proper uh pi tech schema to it. Okay. So tally tool.invoke. So this is a function which will invoke the ty tool. Invoking the t tool means execute that tool. So whenever this function is called it will execute that every tool get all the results and these all the 
[1:08:11] results are stored in that okay which contains everything. Now this docs is a empty list. Now one by one I'm going to fetch all the results. That is what the TQDM results does. So it will give you a progress bar. So the purpose of TQDM is to give you this progress bar. Okay. Otherwise you can directly iterate for result in results also you can do. Okay. But TQDM of the results will create this kind of a progress bar. That's the only thing. Then you are extracting the title from the results. You are extracting the content and then 
[1:08:44] you are appending all the content within that uh empty list. And if any of these fail okay because there are times where T is not able to navigate the actual page content because of again restrictions and so on. Yes, it happens even with Tavi. Okay. So in those cases it will simply fall back to this if the content is empty or if there is any other error. Okay. So we are going to use two engines to extract the content. 
[1:09:14] One engine is the te itself which we will favor because it will have a highly higher success rate. The other is to use the mark it down. We'll provide a URL to mark it down and mark it down will extract the web page. So let's say I have I'll just click on any of these links. Okay. So this is the web page link. Let's see how the markdown actually works. I'm just so this didn't work. No worry. I say that URL 
[1:09:48] is this. Okay. Now let me print this URL. Okay. And see what happens. So it has converted into a converter result. Yeah. So I'll fetch the actual result from there. Okay. And see if this can be printed directly. 
[1:10:20] So it did not. Yeah. That's exactly what I was trying to show you. See this is actually fetching the actual content from that. Yeah, this is actually fetching the content from the URL which I just clicked. So this is the URL which I clicked. Okay. And uh I can navigate it. There is nothing uh uh you know restricted on this page. I'm assuming since the page 
[1:10:51] does not restrict anything. You can see nothing of that sort. All rights reserved copyright something something. So there is no restriction on this page. Feel free to report issues whatever it is. So this is a open page. Any web scraper can read this. So normally this is a page for any web scraper. Then your markdown and te will definitely have a much higher success rate. Fine. it will see it has very beautifully 
[1:11:23] converted the content of this entire page into this markdown format. So these are the uh lectures uh and then this is the table in which it had done the formatting proper slides are there links are there okay and everything super this is a markdown format even you can click on any of these Okay. 
[1:12:01] Okay. So, let's move ahead. Uh, this is done. Done. Done. Now, you can check uh mark it down. This is for I think model context protocol. Yeah, docs is not defined. Where is the docs? Okay, I have to run this query. Sorry. So, let me run this query. Model context protocol. And these are the docs that I have. Okay. And this is the first document I have got. Okay. 
[1:12:34] Now building a weather tool. Okay. So weather API key has already been imported. This is the query u and this is a base URL. Okay. So you are creating a URL complete URL by attaching the query with a base URL. And now you are using the requests uh Python library. This is the request Python library. Okay. To do a API call. 
[1:13:05] So this is a crude API call being done. You can use a curl command also. Okay. So cull is like complete URL. Okay. Um fine and response 200 means uh your API call was successful. 200 is the status code. So you can have status code like 403 429 API rate limit le 403 authentication error can also be there. 
[1:13:35] Server not responding timeout error 503 error uh 401 error. So a lot of these error codes you should remember. Okay. Um API uh you can say rest API status codes status. Oops. Okay. Please help yourself. I mean I can only give you uh things. Okay. So you can see the success codes are present in uh 2x like 20. These are 
[1:14:08] success codes. Redirection code. client error codes, servers and these are the fiveformational things. So you can just check these are the most important ones. So again this is only for people who are looking for real developer kind of roles. Okay. So otherwise the solution architects and those things are not expected to know. If you know fantastic okay but again this is not a part of the curriculum. So don't expect me to explain each of these. Okay. So please 
[1:14:40] help yourself. So but definitely since 99% of the model access you are doing using API calls whether it is proprietary or open source. Okay since you are using models using API calls. Right now I'm not using a model but still it is API call. So any API call will follow the same structure the same status code everything. Okay. So it becomes relevant to discuss. 
[1:15:11] Okay. So this is the complete JSON object as a response I have received from the server. Okay. So you can see uh let me just print it. Okay. So now that this code works, I can wrap this into a tool. So I have wrapped that code into a tool simply. Okay. This code works. Now that code I'm wrapping as a tool. So first to wrap it I have to create a function which will take a query string. I'll just attach that query string here and u 
[1:15:43] create a URL. Okay. And along with the API key and the query okay so query is being taken by the function here. So this query is wrapped along with the API key and the base URL. So the complete URL gets created and you just use the request module. Uh this is a request package to execute.get means so there are get and post. Okay. So post is like interacting with the server. Here you are not interacting you are 
[1:16:14] just fetching some details. So you are using the get method. So API calls can be get method or post method. These are the two most there are many more but these are the two most uh common methods to interact with the rest API calls. Get method and post method. Okay. So whenever you are sharing some information with the server that is a post method. Okay. Here you are just getting the information from the server. So that is a get method. So this response object convert that into a JSON and this is your data and from that you 
[1:16:46] are fetching all the results. Okay. So you see your location has all the details. So I'm fetching that. So let me just execute this. Change this to good. Let's see if that works. It works right. So this is the lat long and uh time and every other thing. So what is the current temperature like? 16°. Yeah. At least I'm not wearing my regular 
[1:17:16] heavyduty jacket today. So, this is much better. Fine. That's okay. And this is just to do a much nicer formatting. Nothing more. Okay. This is just to do a nicer formatting. No exotic thing. Fine. And uh the last section where you want to create your own tools. Maybe we can take a small break here and then we can create our own tools. So that we will 
[1:17:47] discuss after the break. Okay. Uh let's see if there are questions. I think Python does not have data type. That may be the reason by denting. So see there is core python which we know as data types in core python int, float, string, boolean, complex okay or even uh 
[1:18:20] uh data structures or containers called as list tpples, dictionaries, strings, okay, sets. These are the data types which are collections in Python. There's no stand I mean direct way of validating which is why you are using additional package which is by renting. How about the payw wall? No, it cannot skip the pay wall obviously. So if it needs authentication 
[1:18:54] it say for example what we did here is also a kind of a payw wall only without this API key it will not be able to make. So just change the API key or delete this key part means you are making an API call without the key means that's going to fail in the authentication. So payw wall is nothing but a way to authenticate yourself. Okay. Same thing if you are using open AI key means you are 
[1:19:27] authenticating yourself for the payment. You have indirectly uh you know agreed to the server that I'm ready to pay for this API cost and this is the key where you will do the billing. So usually this is how it is done. Plus there can be some bearer tokens and other things also. So apart from the key there could be some bearer tokens for additional authentication. So I'm not saying that this is the only way the 
[1:19:58] authentication can happen. Plus there can be additional tokens. Okay. Session tokens can also be there. For example with your broker APIs uh you want to use zerodha or motil or whatever. Okay. There is something called a session token also. you have to generate that session token and that session token gets generated after the key authentication has been done. So first you authenticate yourself with the key and then the session authentication happens. There are two levels of authentication. So during the generation 
[1:20:30] of the session token it will ask you for the OTP but before generating the OTP you'll have to authenticate by providing the right keys. Okay. So, so that makes it three level now. Okay. Fine. Okay. 
[1:38:06] B. 
[1:38:48] Okay. So tool calling those things I have already explained. So tool calling also called as function calling. Ability to understand what a tool does decide which tool generate the correct parameters. So yeah these are the things which I've already mentioned as a part of the LLMs. Okay. Uh so identify which tool and then generate the parameters. These all things I've already mentioned process the tools 
[1:39:19] output. Continue the conversation. Right. So now there are two approaches. One is uh to directly use the models which are capable of tool calling and one is to use the models which do not have the capability of using tool calling. So these are the older models essentially. So most of the models in fact all the models which have been commercially 
[1:39:50] developed the last one one and a half years they are supporting tool call out of the box. You don't have to really do anything unless you are creating a model from scratch or unless you are using a very small model maybe under 1 billion parameters or a half a billion parameters. Okay. So whenever you want to use a model just check if that model supports tool calling. 
[1:40:20] So if it supports tool calling then fantastic. I mean your job is much much easy. But if it doesn't support tool calling then you'll have to you know take some special measures. That's the catch here. Okay. So if the model supports tool calling you can just bind those tools and you don't have to do anything. You just there is one line of code which will connect the tools with the model that is called as tool binding. 
[1:40:52] Otherwise if it doesn't support then you have to provide any number of information to the model that you have access to so many tools this is the description for each tool and so on and then the model will decide okay you'll have to provide the name the description the parameters everything the entire history geography of that tool has to be provided to the model okay and then the model will only give an output that this tool is supposed to be used and with these parameters but with the tool binding. Okay, if the model 
[1:41:24] already supports the tool, then the tool itself will have the information about the name of the tool, the description of the tool and the arguments which are needed to call that tool. So all that you don't have to explicitly pass or share to the model. You just bind the tools and it reads all this information inherently. Okay. So tool calling for models which have a native support. So uh natively 
[1:41:55] understands when to call a tool, which tool to call, what are the parameters, what are the results. Okay. So this is all inherent built-in you can say. Let's take one example. GPT5 mini I'm taking right now. Uh if you want to use a temperature as the parameter, you can use GPT 40. Okay. GPT4 mini also supports uh tool calling. Fine. So right now we have these three tools web search and get weather. So this is 
[1:42:25] going to use uh tavly this is going to use weather API which I have already shared and this is a simple multiply tool. Okay so now I'm going to bind those tools that's exactly what I told you because this particular model supports native tool calling. So all you have to do is just bind the tools. So when you are binding the tool now each tool has its name, description, list of arguments. All those informations are directly passed on to the model. You don't have to write down an additional line of code extra nothing. Now I have to create a chat prompt template and 
[1:42:56] I'll pass the user parameters directly to the model using runnable. Okay. So chat prompt template is to create the overall prompt template. So this is my prompt and uh I'll pass some of the user uh queries. So for example the Mumbai or even these numbers I can pass this as variable into the prompt and that needs the runnable pass through. Okay. So without the runnable pass through your prompt would be static. But if you want 
[1:43:27] a dynamic prompt where the user is able to provide the numbers uh the user is able to provide the text uh basically the city and the user is able to provide this query okay then it has to go via runnable pass through right so it's a simple prompt and I'm invoking this charge jupitive model with this prompt okay now this is right now static so I don't need runnable so you see nowhere I have used runnable as of 
[1:43:57] And all the information is there. Okay. Now when I execute the results you can see uh okay there are so many things you can see type of tool call tool call tool call finished reason and so on. Let me make it a bit more easy for comprehension. You can see the model was able to identify that for the first question I'll have to use the multiply tool with these parameters. For the second question I'll have to use the uh get weather API with these parameters. And for the third question, I'll need to use this tool with this 
[1:44:27] query parameter. Right? So correct. So now you can actually also create entire toolkit. Okay, that's basically a list of tools which is much more formatted you can say. Okay, it's like a dictionary map. So instead of just binding the tools as a list, what we have done here, I'm just binding the tools as a list. You can see the data type is a list. So instead of a list you can use a a dictionary. Okay. So this is a dictionary which is having the name of 
[1:44:59] the tool and the overall tool. Name of the tool and the tool. Name of the tool and the tool. Okay. What is the benefit? It's easy for tracking. That's it. So now the LLM will actually return the name of the tool rather than the name of the tool. Now what do you mean by each of them? name of the tool is this and the name of the tool is this. Okay, name of the tool means the actual name of the Python function or the class being used as a tool. That is the second thing and 
[1:45:32] this is a human specified name of the actual tool. So for example, this tool could be called as tely API wrapper runnable. Now that's very complicated and technical. Here this can be called as tely web search. So you can provide a userfriendly name like TV web search and here it would be Tavly API wrapper something like that. So instead of the LLM returning you Tavly API wrapper so and so it will return this okay TV web 
[1:46:05] search that that's much more easy to comprehend that's the exact purpose of creating a toolkit as a dictionary. So now I'm uh using see the results al already has three tool calls. These are the tool calls. Now I'm iterating on each of the tool call here. Okay, I'm iterating and just selecting the name of the tool and invoking each of the tools and printing the output of the tools. Right? And this is just a empty line that I'm doing. So 
[1:46:37] let's see. So this for loop is going to invoke the tools one by one. Okay. And print their results. So first the multiply tool was invoked. This is the result I got. Then the weather API was invoked. This is the result. And then the web search was invoked and I have got the results. You can see all I have to do is just pass these three results back to the model and then the model will generate the overall answer. And that is where I'll need the 
[1:47:08] overall prompt template. Right? and see that is where I'll need the prompt template now. Okay, so I'm using the chat prompt template with static prompts as of now. Let's do that and see and then we'll use a runnable version. So this is a static prompt converting that into a prompt template you can see and that prompt template is chained with the tools using the pipe operator. So the output of the prompt template will go to the charg tools. So what is 
[1:47:38] this charge JP tools? This is the charge GPT model which has the tools already bound. Okay. So you have already bound the tools with the chargity. You can just go up and check. So that is charge GPT with tools here. Yeah. You have already bound the tools with the charg. So that is the charge which already has the information about the tools. So essentially you are passing the prompt template to the model with tools and now you invoke that chain. Basically now you execute that chain okay with a 
[1:48:10] different city name and let's see what happens. Yeah. So I've got the results. You can see get weather current weather in Tokyo today and so on 
[1:48:42] to call arguments. Yeah. Okay. And uh did you notice one thing? The city name is being provided as a variable. You can see and that city name I'm mapping here. So that is being done by your runnable. Okay. So, 
[1:49:21] so right now this is simple. So explicitly I'm not using renable I think in this code. Yeah, Reneable is not explicitly being used. But if you have more complex change then probably renable will be needed. So this was simple. Yeah. So a single prompt template is there. So you can pass that variable to that prompt template by the uh exact name of the query sorry the variable the name of the variable is city here. So you have a city as a variable and the value and that's how you are passing the city name into that 
[1:49:53] entire that's why it did not fetch the Mumbai which was already hardcoded above. This is the Tokyo fine. Uh now I think this is how to use the grock if you want to use it but this is come purely optional. I think grock demonstration I have already done but uh just in case you want to cheat see I the intention for this is to show you that even the gro models the open-source gro models also support tool calling. Okay. 
[1:50:27] So before executing this the next thing is we should go to gro and uh verify which all models are available because time to time these model names change. So you can use one of these models. Let me use the 3.370 billion parameter versatile model. This is the one which I'm using. So what I'm going to do is just replace this text with that. Okay. and uh explain the importance of 
[1:50:59] fast language models or let's say you can explain the difference between encoder and decoder uh transformers. Let's see. Yes. So I have got the results. So this 
[1:51:31] is the encoder, the decoder and the key differences. So it is essentially working. You see this is a direct API call. There is no tool or as such anything. This is just to check whether the API call is working in the first place or not. So I have given my API key. Uh this is the complete chat completion API. How did I get this code? If you go to API docs or playground, go to the playground. So this is the code we have got. So I'm going to use 7B versatile model. So this is the code I just copy pasted here. Okay. So just 
[1:52:03] copy this and uh this is the same code. Ro content model name stream false. You can see the model name is there. Uh ro content. Yeah. And if you want you can use the other parameters also. stream, top peak, completions, temperature and so on. And from here you are uh you know fetching the actual model response from the chat completion. The chat completion is the API response whereas the model 
[1:52:35] response is present in the content. Okay. So don't get confused. This is the API response from the entire server that contains multiple things as we have seen. What do you mean by multiple things? These are the other things. Okay. Other things you see these are the other things which are present. Yeah. These are the other things. You are not interested in all of these, right? You're only interested in the actual content of the uh LLM API. So, which is what I'm extracting from 
[1:53:06] here, the actual content part. Fine, that is done. And uh now in this code, what we have used is directly the gro model. Here we have used directly the gro model from the official gro package SDK from the official gro SDK. Now there is a lang chained version of that as well. Okay. Okay. Lang chained version of the gro model. Here you see the API call is much more easy to understand comprehend. 
[1:53:37] Okay. I think this model would be available 3.1 instant. Yeah 3.1B instant is there. Or if you want you can change that model also. Doesn't matters. Okay. So keep the temperature low for factual based questions. And you see I have been able to create my gro model. Advantage now I can go up and just change this with the gro model. That's it. Okay. So 
[1:54:07] okay. So without native support now these were the grock models which already have the native tool calling support. So structured output parsing can be done and so on. Uh so the technique to make the support available is prompting and then further output parsing followed by using a pact framework the reasoning 
[1:54:39] and acting. So what does this mean? Basically, it means that your overload will increase. Overload of API call will increase. And where is that overload coming from? This prompt template will have not only what the user is asking, but will also have all the information about all the tools available, tool names, descriptions and many other things. So that is the extra overload I'm talking about. Okay. So that is your structured prompting. Plus the output of that 
[1:55:09] API call from the model may be in the form of a string. So I don't want the string output. I want to convert that into a JSON format or into a u maybe a different format like a a dictionary. Okay, which will be used for the further uh step in the workflow. So you'll have to do some output parsing or post-processing you can say and reasoning action has to be implemented manually. What it means is first the API 
[1:55:42] call has to be made and that API call will tell you all the tools. Tools have to be executed and then the output of the tool execution has to be fed back manually to the model for observation or reasoning and then the model will finally generate the actual response. So all of these steps has to be manually appended uh you know created. So that's what I just mentioned here. So let's take one example. So I'm using the JSON output parser and a chat prompt template again. And this is to render the test description for each of the tools. Okay. 
[1:56:14] So you see I have a list of tools and I'm binding that or rather wrapping that tools with the render text description. So this will print the description attached to each of the three tools. So this was the first tool. This is the description. This is the second tool. This is the description. This is the third tool. This is the description. So this function was able to extract the description from each of the tools. So it literally and uh behind the scenes it runs a for loop and for 
[1:56:46] each of the tool within the tools it will use the tool dot name to get this name. It gets tool dot uh uh args to get the arguments and tool dot description to get this and then the formatting is done in inherently. So that is all being handed inside this function. Okay. So now I've got the list of tools the names and what they do along with the data types of each of them uh sorry 
[1:57:18] each of the inputs to these tools. That's a pretty structured format. Now, this is a system prompt. You are an assistant that has access to the following set of tools. Here are the names and descriptions for each tool. See, that's exactly what I was trying to tell you, right? So, it can still be done, but you have to provide the complete information about all the tools available uh to the model. Okay? And then the user queries are going to be there anyway. Plus, formatting instructions are there. Now, what is this formatting instruction? So return 
[1:57:48] the name of the uh tool and the input which will be used to execute the tool. Second, the entire response has to be in a JSON blob with the name of the tool with the arguments and the arguments should be in the form of a dictionary with the key value mapping. Okay. So the key in the dictionary will be the actual parameter name within the tool and the value is what you have to tell me for each of those keys. So now let's execute that prompt template. 
[1:58:21] So user question is this. So input is still the user question. You can see above. Uh I think I might have written somewhere. I'll just show you what is this input. Okay. Yep. I think I have Oh sorry sorry this input is going to come from your um later stage the chain 
[1:58:54] chain sorry this input is different this is a python function sorry yeah so this input is going to come when we invoke this chain along with the prompt so I have got my basic prompt ready now this is a list of instructions so the list of instructions has the input uh as one of these So first input is this, second input is this, third input is this. So one by one the inputs will go to the model. Model will think okay for this kind of a input 
[1:59:25] what tool will be needed for this kind of a tool what tool will be needed and for this kind of a input what tool would be needed. Okay. So one by one three API calls are made you can say and that you are passing to the so prompt this is my entire prompt okay that chat prompt template um and then here is my gro model which I initialized okay uh I can take any model 
[1:59:59] so let's assume that this gro model does not support tool calling let's assume although it does support as we have seen but I'm not using the standard method of tool calling for that gro model. I'm calling the non-native support method. Okay. So even though this gro model whatever I have used above does support tool calling but I'm not using that support I'm creating that support manually right 
[2:00:30] and the output parser. So this is how what we get. So now here chain dom I have created my chain and I'm mapping the instructions. So what does this map function do? Map function will one by one. So see what is this map in Python there's a concept of map filter. Okay. So map okay so map function runs a for loop behind the scenes and takes the 
[2:01:01] instructions one by one from this list and feeds it to the chain and feeds it to the chain. Let me repeat map runs a for loop behind the scenes. Okay, it's a kind of enable only. You can see it's a kind of runnable. Okay. And what and it runs a lambda function and a number of things. So not getting into the technical but yeah map function is technically a runnable and runs a for loop behind the scenes. It will take the instructions uh which is a list here and 
[2:01:34] from this list it will take each one of the entries one by one and each entry will be passed to your entire chain okay one by one and the output of that chain will be captured here in the responses so you can see it's a list of three responses and why is it a list of three responses because three API calls were made if there was only one API call then you would have got only a single uh JSON JSON with all the three outputs. We're not getting a single JSON. We're getting three JSONs. So, it's a list of three 
[2:02:06] JSON. It's a you can say list of three JSON objects or outputs. Okay. So, this is a JSON object which was given clearly in the instructions part of your prompt. Okay. It has to be a JSON blob. So three JSON blobs you can say. Yeah. So this is one JSON blob which has 
[2:02:37] the name of the tool that is multiply and the arguments. Okay. Yeah. So name is web extract info and this is the argument. Fine. Now let's create a toolkit. Again the same thing the way we did And this is just to extract the name. This is just to extract the name of the 
[2:03:07] tool and also the parameters which are needed to call the tool. And I am going to execute the tool one by one. See here the model the gro model has only given the information of which tool to use with what inputs. Simple it has not yet executed it. See LLMs cannot execute anything. You have to understand LLMs will take the user query 
[2:03:38] understand the user query do a reasoning and for each of the user inputs it will tell okay for this query this is the right tool to be used with these set of parameters and that's exactly what we have got as the result of the API call. So three API calls were made by whom? by the mapper function behind the scenes. Okay, based on these three queries, now is the time to actually execute the tool and you see that the tool execution is happening here. So, first I have to 
[2:04:10] iterate over the responses. See this is your responses. From the responses, I'm extracting the name of the tool one by one and then also I'll be extracting the arguments within the tool. So, that's exactly what I'm doing here. Okay, I'm extracting the tool name, converting that into a lower case and also extracting the set of arguments and then I'm executing it. Invoke using those arguments. Invoke the tool using those arguments. But which tool? One by one 
[2:04:41] the selected tool will change. So in the first iteration the selected tool is multiply. The second iteration the sec the selected tool is uh get weather and in the third it is the search weather extract info sorry web extract info. So now this is taking some time but yeah finished. Super. So this is where the tool execution is happening. Okay. So now imagine that this is exactly what you are doing 
[2:05:11] manually to create an agent. this many codes this much of a code you are doing manually okay step by step to visualize the steps in an agent what if I told you all of this was possible in one line and that's what the langraph does the entire thing orchestrated in one line okay here I have done a low code version of the agent okay so now I'm extracting all the information from that uh output Okay, 
[2:05:42] that tool output. This is the tool output and extracting all the five documents. You can see fine fine. So now you know how to call the agents uh or tools basically within langu. If you want to create a end toend agent, we can also do that. But again uh these are just going to be academic in nature. Okay. No one really creates a end to end tool in Lchain as I've already mentioned 
[2:06:13] it several times. But if you still want to have a use case a simple example of how do you you know call custom tools in lang chain this is the end overall notebook based on that. Now let's start with the lang graph. Okay. So first we will so today I'll just discuss the theory part. And the actual theory part means we will not still be creating agents but these are like uh 
[2:06:45] going to be demi agents you can say okay uh they will not be solving a business problem okay so so to solve a business problem uh we'll take a end to end project so don't ask me what is the business use case of this notebook or the next notebook okay here the only business use case that we'll be discussing is understand the langraph framework work. How an agent is created in the langraph framework? What will this agent do? 
[2:07:15] What is the business use case? Those kind of questions are irrelevant for next 1 hour. Okay? When to use this agent? Don't ask me these kind of questions. Okay? We just want to create an agent and see what this agent does. That's the only understanding I'm going to explain. So I'll not entertain any question which is related to the business part of this agent. Okay. These are as I have already mentioned first let's learn how to create an agent. What is the framework? What are the steps? How do you create that graph? How do you execute that graph? How do you interpret 
[2:07:47] the outputs? So all those things let's learn how to create that agent first. Okay. What are the different things available like in this case I'm talking about routing this and that which will be used in the next project actually. Okay. Fine. So, let me share this code. I just ran this code before the class. So, I'm going to run this all over again. 
[2:08:31] Okay, there are questions is Grock from X this see the spelling this is G R O Q not K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K is from Musk. So this is not your Musk's platform. Okay, Proful. How is LLM calling the tools? LLM is not calling the tools. Tool call means executing the tool. LLM cannot execute the tools. So let's use 
[2:09:03] the right words. That's how what you have to learn. Okay. So tool call means executing the tool. Ultimately LLM cannot execute the tool. It will only think reason for this input which tool to call and it is only giving me output that prashant for these are the uh kind of queries these are the tools that you have to execute. you have to execute with these inputs. That's what we have been seeing every time. Okay, these are the tools that you have to execute. 
[2:09:35] Okay, and that to execution is being done explicitly here. Model is not executing. I am doing that tool execution explicitly. Is that super clear? Everyone just type clear in the chat. Okay, everyone. Or you can write down this statement in the chat. Model does not execute the tool. Just write down this statement for your understanding. Let it register in your mind 
[2:10:05] deepest. Okay. Model does not execute the tool. Model only gives the information about which tool to use with the parameters. Okay. For a given user query and scenario. Model does not execute the tool. who does the tool execution agent. We have not built an end to-end agent in this case. We have just seen how to bind the tools with a LLM and execute the tool externally. If you want to execute the tool internally, then the better way is to do it via 
[2:10:37] langraph. That's what we are going to do now. Okay. End to end agent. So here in this entire notebook, I have not claimed that I have created an agent. Okay. What we have done is how to call tools with a LLM. Call tools with an agent. Okay. But calling of the tool with an uh sorry calling the tool with a model LLM. Okay. But calling as such directly is not included within the API call. API call does not execute the tool. Right? API call only 
[2:11:10] invokes and uh asks the model pass for this query which tool should I execute? That information is the output. That output goes to u execution externally. Okay. Sriant is having some error. No. Rhare it. See the link doesn't change. I 
[2:11:41] have saved it. Link never changes. you just have to refresh your um browser. Okay? Even if I paste this 100 times, this link doesn't change. So if you got this link yesterday or last week, it's going to be the same link only. Okay? All you have to do is just refresh. I normally at the end of the session, save it and once it is saved, you just 
[2:12:11] have to manually refresh. Okay? Clear? Okay, perfect. Okay, so let's go ahead now from simple chains to stateful agents. That's the overall thing we are going to do now. So now we know how to create a chain, how to bind the tool with the um LLM and now there is a word called a stateful because I mentioned that agent will not be able to function properly without the state. So I want to create a 
[2:12:42] stateful agent because model API calls are stateless. I have repeated this several times every single session. Model API calls that you are making any API call to you are making to any of these models they are stateless. Okay. Whether it is a Gok model, OpenAI model, any model. So for example here you are making a API call uh so wherever what is that go 
[2:13:21] huh here so you're making an API call here okay this is this is the code and when you execute this okay you are making an API call Right? You configure and you are making an API call and you are printing the output. This is stateless. If you simply ask, okay, what did I ask you before? Let's see what happens. And the model has no idea what did I just ask before? 
[2:13:55] Okay. Let's see the output. You see this is what I had asked. Okay, now let's see what happens. We didn't ask anything before this. This is the beginning of every time I execute this is what will happen because model has no idea what conversation has happened before. That is the meaning of stateless. Is this clear everyone? Just type clear. That is the meaning of stateless. Stateless means models 
[2:14:29] LLM API calls are stateless where model has no idea about the previous interactions and that is why you need that state. Okay. So agent needs that state so that it can keep a track of what all things have happened. Okay. And what it needs to do in that sequence of events. Okay. So lang chain agents are very straightforward. I mean no exotic 
[2:15:01] things. If you still want to create an agent, maybe I can show you sometime later. But there is literally no no not much use of a lang agent. So it's better to go with directly langraph instead of spending too much time on lang chain then. Okay. So now lang graph uh agents are much more you know versatile. uh think about a straight road map going from A to B to C that's what the leng agent will be so if I simply instruct this delivery boy go to person A then go 
[2:15:32] to person B and then go to person C that's it and your job is done and you can go back home simple but here in this case I'm saying overall task is to deliver the three packets to A B and C you choose your path you choose your vehicle you choose your uh uh you know overall how you are going to manage your time you want to visit A before lunch or you want to visit B and C before lunch it's up to you you have to find out your best way or best mode uh and at the end 
[2:16:05] your net task is to deliver these three packets that's exactly what Langraph agents try to do okay so I'm just giving an analogy here a city map with intersections and roundabout decide where to go if needed loop back if needed come back remember so for example it went to uh A was not present at home that point of time fine it will go to B and then it will go to C and then it knows that A was not present so I couldn't deliver it back to A so it will come back to A and reattempt 
[2:16:37] okay so that's probably what I'm referring here so in the core concepts you can see uh there are h So agent is like sorry state is like the memory of the agent but don't get misled by the statement. There is a separate concept called as memory in which we will be tracking the conversations of the user 
[2:17:10] with the models separately. Okay. or the previous tasks the history of the previous conversations and the tasks that is maintained in a separate memory module let's say in a separate memory module that's a different thing okay so here is like a uh short-term memory I would say because for each task there will be a state mentioned okay overall so it's a temporary memory you can say no doubt so it's a shared object because 
[2:17:40] if I am creating three agents to deliver A, B and C. Now depending on which agent is closer to A, B and C, each of them will decide, okay, agent uh one says that I'm close to B, so I can deliver it to B. Agent uh number two says that I'm close to A, so I'll go and deliver A. Agent three will say I have no other option. I'll go to uh deliver C. Fine. So that is what now there has to be a place where each of these agents are updating the job sheet. 
[2:18:14] Okay. And that is the state here I'm talking about. This gets passed between all these steps in your graph. Graph is like a sequence. But this sequence doesn't have to be linear. It can loop back. It can iterate. It can branch out. It can merge. So it's like a complex graph. Okay. Which will have multiple steps. And as I just said these steps doesn't have to be linear in nature. They can be branching, merging and all that exotic things happening. So each of these steps will have u sorry 
[2:18:47] the agent state will carry information like conversation history and tool results. Now conversation history and tool results for that particular overall job. If the job changes tomorrow then the entire conversation history will be uh re placed I would say. Okay. So this is for the entire agent. So if the agent is re-executed then conversation history will be deleted and replaced with the 
[2:19:18] newer one. Okay. So we typically define the structure or the schema using the type dick. So this is again you can use type dict or you can use pinatic also it's completely up to you because now uh agent state is all handled internally there is least user interference understand what I'm trying to say okay this is an internal state user does not directly interact with the state user interacts with the agent you can say 
[2:19:50] overall okay and state is an internal state or a schema. So since the user does not have a direct interaction u there is least chance that the schema will not be followed and so I don't have to enforce okay and for that reason I can use the type dict reliably okay remember this then what are nodes and edges so let me just draw this in simplest terms what 
[2:20:22] are nodes and edges So if this is node one and this is your node two. Okay. So this is your edge. So connection between the nodes is called as an edge. Simple nothing more. Okay. So these are the connections and nodes are where your 
[2:20:53] LLMs are. So in each of the nodes you can have an LLM. Each of the node can be an agent or simply simply an LLM API call. So when I say agent that means I have LLM plus tool. So prompt will always be there because you cannot have a API call without a prompt. So prompt is anyway I'm assuming 
[2:21:24] inherently. So each node will have its own prompt. No doubt because here also there is a LLM. Here also there is an LLM. Okay. So there are there could be two ways this agent could be configured. Sorry this node could be configured. This node could be configured as a agent on its own. So you can call it as a sub agent then sub agent one and the sub agent two which is run by the node two. So you can have sub aents okay within the overall agent or this may not be an agent altogether because it doesn't need 
[2:21:56] to have a tool it probably just needs to have a API call. So that is also possible. So for example I'll give a simple example. So query so customer query is there. Let's say that goes to a node and that goes to another node and then goes to some router node. This is a router node. Typically the router nodes are written in this kind of a roomus and that router node decides which agent is being used. Now these are 
[2:22:27] actual agents. So agent one, agent two and agent three let's say. Now I'll show you what I mean in this case. So let's say customer query what are your working hours? Okay. So the first node the node number one is making a simple LLM API 
[2:22:57] call. It's not an agent doesn't need a tool and just it categorizes. Okay. The purpose is to categorize the customer query as billing or technical or general. Now the second node is again a simple LLM API call. It's not an agent because 
[2:23:29] it will just do the sentiment analysis. Okay. And this agent will simply return whether the query is whether the query has a positive sentiment, negative sentiment or a neutral sentiment. That's it. That's the only output of these two API calls. two backto-back API calls and they are chained together as two different nodes. Okay, so these are 
[2:24:00] technically not agents because it doesn't need to have any tool a simple that query the same query and where is this node pulling the query from? The node pulls the query from the agent state. Okay. And the output is fed back to the agent state remember. So it pulls the agent state as the input. Okay. So and the output is fed back to the agent state. This node also feds you know takes the input from the agent Query is directly fed to the agent 
[2:24:30] state. Remember the query is fed to the agent state. See this graph shows the sequence of operations. Okay. But query does not directly jump into the node one. No let me repeat directly the query does not jump to the node one. Query is actually fed to the agent state. Node one gets the information about the customer query from the agent state. The output is also fed back to the agent state updated. This output is also fed back to the agent state. So all the 
[2:25:02] agent sorry all the nodes will do the read and write operations into the agent state. Okay. So by the time the sequence the workflow reaches the router now router will decide based on the let's say query uh sentiment okay and the type of query which agent will finally reply. So obviously when I'm calling these as agents all these three guys have access to some tool. So there will be an LLM plus some tool 
[2:25:34] being used by each of these three agents. That's why I'm calling them as agents. Plus there will be a prompt. So all the three things will be here anyway. That's why I'm calling them as agent. So these are the agents which will finally reply back to the user. Okay. Based on some LLM based on some tool call and of course both are orchestrated using a prompt. So prompt will help the agent to make sense out of the user query the everything else. I mean plus these three agents are also 
[2:26:05] going to be connected to our agent state. So from the agent state again each of these three agents get an idea about what all has happened. Okay, what was the customer query read from the agent uh state? What did the node one do? What was the output of the node one? Read from the agent state. What was the output of the node two? Read from the agent state. And then if that input is needed for example so for example just imagine that the agent one does not need 
[2:26:35] the information about the sentiment fine it will not read it it will only read uh let's say the agent one is a billing agent sorry billing support agent agent two is technical support agent billing agent three is general support agent so the billing support agent does not need the sentiment it only needs the query and the category just to back check that indeed it is a billing agent query I mean the query has been routed to the right department kind of thing so that 
[2:27:08] is what is all happening within the agent state okay remember that all the updations will happen in the agent state and these all things is what we call as the state management so let's build one agent and I think it will be much more clearer okay So I have installed all of these. Uh this have just run a few minutes before the session. So I'll be needing the open AI keys. Let me define the state using typed dict. So I'm just importing the 
[2:27:39] type dict that is the base model and naming the state as state. So you can literally have any other name here but normally it's a uh you can say convention to name it as a state. So you can call it as a agent state also. No no worries. You can call it as a agent state also that's completely fine but then make sure that everywhere it is being referred as a agent state not just simply a state okay so I'll just go back and then what does the agent state have the agent state has so what are you 
[2:28:10] defining in the class here you are defining the schema for the state what all information will be stored in that trade. So what all information will be stored in that state that is defined here in the schema. So what you are defining here is the schema. This is a schema for schema for agent state. 
[2:28:41] uh let's not call it as a agent state but lang graph state because your langraph lang graph can have multiple agents okay so all the agents will still be able to access the same state okay now these are the fields these are the fields in the schema and you can also define the data type so schema also has the data type 
[2:29:12] data type of the data type of the fields present. So these are fields or variables okay present in the schema. Okay. So that is what it is. But again uh since we are using type 
[2:29:43] dict we are not enforcing it but that is not needed because these are all internally updated. The user is not updating the user is not influencing these updates. So since these are being done by the code themselves they'll mostly adhere to the uh instructions. Okay. So messages will store the input and output of each node. Okay, this is the input and output of each node. There there is only one 
[2:30:15] thing. Okay, now let me define a node here. Now each node whenever I say that a node gets executed. Okay, so I said that query goes to the node one. So typically the node is given by a box. When the query goes to the node one and the node one executes the execution of the node one means a function attached to that node is executing. Just like tool execution means a function attached to the tool 
[2:30:46] executes. Exactly the same way when I say a node is executing a function attached to the node executes. Is that clear? So right now I have not attached that function to any node. I've just created a function the code below. I will attach this function to the node. Remember that. So this is the function I have created. And what is this function doing? If you read this closely. So the first input it 
[2:31:17] needs is the state itself. So this function reads the state. Can you see it? Function reads the state and this function does a simple print and this function returns the messages. So what does that mean? Now since it is already having access to the state initially the state would be empty. This function greater node will update the messages section. it will update that messages field with this string. So 
[2:31:48] this string gets attached in a way to the messages. Okay. So messages field will have this new value. So this is the value and this is the field. Now this field has to come from the state only. Remember that if there is a new field which is not a part of the state then the state will not get updated. So theoretically you can have any name here. You can have any name here messages 1 2 3 4. But the problem is messages 1 2 3 4 then this field is 
[2:32:21] not present in the agent state and so the agent state technically will not get updated then. Okay, you might even get an error. So that is possible. So let's execute this and execute this. Okay. Now let's build the graph. And while building the graph, I am going to attach that function with the node. Okay. So here I am importing the state 
[2:32:53] graph. This is going to build your empty graph for now. Starter and the ender. Okay. So this is so this is your graph builder state initialized. Now greater node. Now you can see you are creating a node. Add node means you are adding a node where into the graph. You are adding a node into the graph. The name of the node is greater. And the function that will get executed is greater node. So that is where you are attaching the function with the node here. And this is 
[2:33:23] the node name. This is optional. You can attach uh a name to the greater node. Now why this name is needed? So that you can actually see this. So whatever the name that you want to display on the node is this string. So name to be displayed on the node. Okay. Uh maybe I can uh display name of the 
[2:33:54] then you will realize what is happening. Fine. And uh now the only problem here is this name has to match here because uh theoretically I can give any other name but there has to be a way. So what this is doing this is a conversation starter. This is a conversation starter means 
[2:34:24] your query will go to which node. So who is capturing the query in the first place? This guy is capturing the query. And after capturing the user query, this is a user query who is capturing the starter node. This gets automatically created. Okay? So starter and ender nodes are already uh imported. You are not creating them. You are only creating this. Remember that here the function being used is add edge not add 
[2:34:54] node. So remember once again these nodes are already being imported. You can scroll the code above and see I'm already importing these nodes. Okay. So I have already imported this node, this node. So these are the nodes being imported. You are adding a connection. So here you have the start, you have the end. Okay, you have already imported them and 
[2:35:26] now you are creating a greater node and you are now adding a so this is what gets created here but now you have to add the edges. So this function add edge between start and greater. So start and greater this is the edge which gets created. Okay. So this is what happened and then you are saying add edge add edge between greater and end. So between greater and end this is the second edge which gets added. Let me 
[2:35:57] know if everyone has understood till here. I'm not going to explain at this level of granularity subsequently. I'll simply say add nodes, add edges and build a graph. It should be clear later on. Okay. So take 2 minutes to understand what is happening because all the subsequent codes will have the same code repeated repeated will have n number of nodes and 
[2:36:28] number of edges. Looking at the code you should be able to read who is being connected to where. Okay. So remember that the conversation starter is always from the start. The query is always captured by the start and you don't have to write down a code for that. That is the default. So user query is always captured by the start. User query is always captured by the start. Remember that. Okay. 
[2:36:59] So take 2 minutes understand. I'll answer any questions before I go beyond this. Okay. Okay. So, Reuka had asked some time back in order to maintain a state we have to implement some kind of memory cache. That's what we are doing. We are maintaining a state. It's not memory or 
[2:37:31] cache the agent state. Okay. But you can also implement memory and caches. So there there are different purpose for each of these things. So if you want to only capture the API calls input and output then you have to create a separate memory module where the conversation history will be there between the user and the LLM. Conversation history between the user and the LLM that is captured mostly in 
[2:38:02] the memory. But the agent state is for different thing. Different nodes will keep a track of what node has run and what is the output of each node. Okay. In the entire graph, this entire graph can be treated as the agent. So this is the terminology and taxonomy. Understand what is being referred as an agent. Here agent could be referred as the entire block. This would be referred as an agent or could be referred as an agent or individual node could also be agents. 
[2:38:33] Okay. if there is a tool call somewhere. So right now I'm referring the entire graph. This is our langraph graph. This entire graph as an agent right now. So until and unless there is a different definition you can for now assume that your entire graph itself is an agent in this notebook maybe also in the next notebook. Okay. 
[2:39:06] So that is one. Mohammad is asking can you repeat the stateless model? Models do not remember the previous conversation history. That is the meaning of stateless. Aruka is asking for example chat GPD does not remember. It must have a similar memory. This I think I have discussed so many times. Okay. So chat GPT is the application layer. I remember I mentioned this very clearly. So your GPT40 mini or GPT 5 5 5.1 these 
[2:39:38] are the models chat GPT is the application interface. So what you have created is an application using the models. Who remembers the conversation? The application remembers not the models. Okay. So you have an application layer and you have a web interface to that application which is what you are using by the name as chat GPT. Okay. So you are not directly accessing the model. You are 
[2:40:08] first accessing the application. Applications keep a track of your conversations and those conversations are shared with your model. Clear? So adding edges is like correcting the flow. Yes, absolutely. So there will be branching also later I'll teach you in the next notebook. How do you branch out and how do you branch in merge those branches? So everything any arrow that 
[2:40:40] you would see later is a edge. Any arrow that you see later. Yes, absolutely. Um my dear Rajan is saying but we still have to manually linking. Yes, that's why I said here you create everything from scratch one by one. It is like the code is creating the nodes and the uh graphs in your OpenAI agent builder kit. You just had to do a drag and drop but you did have to do manually uh drag and drop and connect them right the same 
[2:41:10] thing you are doing using the code. Remember everyone the last week we still had to click we still had to click to add the agent nodes and we were able to connect those agent nodes. Okay, by manually dragging those lines that edges we were able to create same thing we are doing 
[2:41:45] but using the code. So greater node is the ID. Greater node is the name of the function which will get executed. Okay, it's not the id ID or anything. Greater node is the function which gets executed when this node is executed. Greater here is the name of the node and each node has a bound function behind the scenes. Let's not unnecessarily introduce taxonomy that will only 
[2:42:16] confuse. So there is nothing called as ID things. Okay, it's the name of the node which is the greater and the function attached to the node which is exactly a Python function. Simple. These are only two things. Don't unnecessary complicate. Okay, name of the node and the function. You just have to attach them. Where do you attach? That attachment is happening when you add the node into your graph. That is where you are adding attaching. Clear? 
[2:42:54] There are two nodes and both the nodes write state. It means they are overwriting. Yes. Yes, it is overwriting and that's what I'll show you. It is overwriting. And how do I solve that problem? That also I'll show you. Very good point. Okay. So in this case if both the nodes are accessing of course they are not accessing together right now in this flow. They are going to access one by one. Right now there is only one node. So of course but in the next node there are going to 
[2:43:26] be two things and they will overwrite because my agent state still has only one parameter. You can see my agent state acha I'm still using the same state. You see in no way I did a recreation of that state. So I'm still using the same state. Okay. And your state gets over it. And that I'll show you. So I'll not give a spoiler alert but your answer is correct. And there is a way to resolve that diagram shows you are showing a screen has only one node. Yes, there is only one node and later on we'll be creating multiple nodes. So hold on. Um 
[2:44:00] is asking so we are using here lang graph to add nodes and attach functions to execute. Yes, absolutely. That's what we have done until now. Now let's execute and see step by step what is happening. Okay. So I think I had done till here. Okay. Now you have to compile. So this is done. Now let's compile this. And once you compile, you will be able to print. So I think mostly this works 99% times. Uh printing the node means basically just 
[2:44:30] displaying it visually. You can also use this mermaid diagram again. But this is not very reliable. This is using some mermaid API behind the scenes. Many of times this mermaid API does not work. So if this gets printed, you are lucky today. Many of the days I've seen this code does not work. So don't be surprised but mostly this will work. Okay. So I'll have this code although in most of my other notebooks as well but be mentally and physically prepared that this code can return you nothing or even 
[2:45:02] an error. But we'll still be able to visualize it by simply typing graph and press enter. Okay. Okay. So I'm initializing the graph by using some messages. So hi there is the initial input which the user is directly uh giving to the messages and using this initial input I'm invoking the graph. So now what is happening the first node 
[2:45:33] will read this initial input via start. Okay. Now already at the start there is this messages. Okay. So when uh the control goes to the start, it will display hi there and then it will be replaced by your greeter node with whatever greeting. Okay, I'm a simple angraph agent. I think that was the greeter node. Let's go back and check. Yeah, hello. I'm a simple angraph agent. 
[2:46:04] You can see. Okay. Mhm. and then the final output will be there. So your initial message hi there has actually got replaced has actually got replaced with this new message coming from the next. Okay, let me just draw it and show you. So you have the start and then you have the node uh greater 
[2:46:34] node and then you have the end. Okay, end is not doing anything. So in the start the messages the messages this is coming from your state. Okay this is your state. So the messages section had this as the initial input. Okay. So when the control went to the start okay it was already having the information about hi there. So this mostly will be your user query or your conversation starter. User query 
[2:47:05] or conversation starter. Conversation starter. So when the control is up to start okay when the start executes it essentially reads that the message is high there. Fine perfect no problem. So if you just delete and connect the start to end okay and then you check the final state okay then it will still be high there. It will still be high there. 
[2:47:36] But now what has happened is now what has happened is when the control goes to the next step which is greater. Greeter has replaced the same messages with with this message. Why this message? Because that was the message uh present in uh in the function. You can go back and check the greeter function. The greater function replaces that messages. You can see the greater function is returning 
[2:48:08] this. The greater function is returning this. So this guy replaces it directly in the agent state. It replaces this in the agent state. Okay. And so the final output if you see already has the same. Okay. The final output already has this. So let's do one small activity. If that theory is same in principle, I'll just 
[2:48:40] I'll just modify this. Okay, remember I'll just modify this. And what I'm going to do is I'll just add a simple line here. So start and end. Let's see what we get. If not error, then what? Okay, so I've got a lang chain. Sorry, lang graph. in which I have greater. Okay. Uh there is no connection between uh this. Let's remove that 
[2:49:10] greeters also. Let's remove that greater also. So there is no confusion. Okay. So now there is a simple graph from start to end. Fine everyone from start to end. And now let's execute this. Perfect. My final output is also high there because there was nothing to replace it. Is that super clear everyone? Now what has happened? Start has captured the user initial input. The greater node is no longer there. The greater node is no 
[2:49:40] longer there. So there is no replacement of the messages. So the final state is also the same as hi there because there is nothing attached to the start and end to you know uh they're already you know static nodes I would say. Yeah. So end is to give the final output to the end user. That's the meaning of the end node and start is simply to capture the user query. That's it. So that is the purpose of the start node and the end node. They are not there to modify the state anywhere. Start will only capture the user query. 
[2:50:11] That is what I have done. Okay. And end is throwing it back to the user. They they are not supposed to do anything else. Anything else has to be done in a custom node. Okay. And you see the moment I simply connected the start to the end. I did not execute it. If you want I can just show you. Okay. So start end and the message is still the same. But now if you have anything other than that. Okay. So this guy is overwriting. So that is 
[2:50:42] one problem that we have now recognized. Okay. So problem is the overwriting state. Okay. This is what has happened. By default each node replaces the value in the state. Okay. And this is a problem while building meaningful conversations remember. Okay, how much time we have? Okay, 10 minutes. So let's add uh two nodes here. One is the greeting node. One is the inquiry node. Okay, so greeting node will say that okay, I'm the first node and I'm 
[2:51:13] going to add a greeting and what is the greeting? Hello there. There is another node which will say that hi I'm the node number two and I'm updating the messages like how can I help you? So there are two nodes here. Now I'm building a new graph by adding these two nodes and then wiring them properly. Fine. Let's look at the graph and things will be clear. So this is a multi-node graph. So the start will capture the user query give it to the greeting node. Output of the greeting node will go to the enquiry 
[2:51:44] node. So these are the two nodes which are going to modify the state. Remember these are the two nodes which they are going to modify the state. Now let's do this one by one. So I am invoking the entire graph now. So your entire graph is an agent. Imagine that way. Okay. So I'm invoking that entire graph or executing that entire graph. So one by one. So when the control went to the greeting node, it added a greeting. It added a greeting. And then when the 
[2:52:15] control went to the inquiry node, it added this inquiry. So these are the two static outputs coming from the print. If you see the print messages, okay, node one and node two. So those prints are coming from here once the nodes are getting executed and uh that is just to show you that these nodes are getting executed in that sequence. That's it. Okay. Now let me see what is the final output after. See the final output is how I can help you today. So somewhere intermediately or intermittently the agent state had 
[2:52:48] messages equal to uh hello there somewhere intermittently it would have been there but that was got replaced that is exactly replaced okay so how can I help you today that has replaced high there so the final state only contains the last agent's output the final state has the last agent's output. This is the problem or last node's output technically now. Okay. 
[2:53:21] So the first node was completely overwritten. This is not useful for a chatbot because it wants to remember the entire conversation history. So now that leads to something called as reducers add messages. Okay, I'll directly show you. So this add messages is the one which we'll be using as a reducer. Okay. So this you can read it from the documentation. Merges to list of messages updating. Okay. Now this is a new agent state. Earlier I had used only state and now 
[2:53:51] this is a new agent state. I'm creating charge state. Okay. Again using type dict but this time the messages is a list of messages. It's a list. Can you see annotated list of messages? Okay. This is how I would read it. So this is a field name and it's a annotated list of messages. So basically since it is a list it will you see the data type is a list and list already has a built-in method called as append. It 
[2:54:21] uses that append function. So each agent will append into the messages list. Once again let me repeat each node will append into the messages list. Now the messages data type is a list and I have added a reducer here which means each node subsequently will only append its own message. It will read the previous messages and append its own message. It cannot overwrite 
[2:54:53] anything. So the control went from one to two. Two will read what one has done and just add what I have done. That's it. When the control goes to three, three will be able to see what one has done, what second has done, and okay, let me do something and whatever I'm going to do, I'll just add it into that same list. Is that clear now? That is what this code says. Hello. Is that clear? This is what the code says. Let's build and 
[2:55:26] see this. Okay. So now the nodes remain the same, but they will now be appending to the area. So the only only and only change that I did was while building the state graph. While building the state graph the name of the state agent state changes. Okay. Earlier it was only state that is what I had created and now it is the charge state. Fine. Rest all code is exactly the same. Okay. So this is only one line of code which has changed. Let me execute this. 
[2:55:58] This is a graph. So graph and everything is same. Nothing new. Now when I execute, let's see what happens. Okay, this output is also the same. You might not feel the difference. But now when I print the output, you will see the difference. Okay, so the human message, hey, I need some help. That is what you initialized it with. So this was the user query which was initialized. So this is the uh message which the start captured start captured this. Okay. 
[2:56:31] And then this is all response data ID, id and all that. Okay, this is hello there coming from your greeter node. This is coming from the greeter node. And then this is the human message coming from your inquiry node. How can I help you today? So I see all the three outputs and this entire thing is a Python list. You can see there's a Python list of messages and the entire thing is actually a dictionary. That's 
[2:57:01] why I've used the type dictionary. Okay, fine. So this is clear and if you want I can just print them. This is just a simple Python code. If you're still wondering and pondering just copy paste to charge JPD it will explain you. But the purpose of this code is to just print this in a more sensible manner in a more jailable manner. Okay. So I'm just printing the same output by using this simple for loop one by one. Okay. 
[2:57:31] So I'm just extracting the AI and the human message part. You can see human message and the AI part. That's the only thing that I'm extracting. AI message right now is empty because there is no API call being made. That's why in all these cases API sorry AI message part is empty and only you can see the human message part being updated. Human message this is also human message. There is also human message when there is a actual API call then the AI message part will also be there. 
[2:58:01] Fine. So now the state finally contains initial messages plus the outputs from both the nodes correctly preserving the entire history. Okay. This is not memory. This is not caches. So do not unnecessarily confuse yourself. Okay. This is purely agent state. So use the right terms for the right things. Don't try to find analogy everywhere. Okay. So that forceful analogy thing will only confuse you. This is agent. Agent builds and maintains its own state and each node is able to use that agent state for 
[2:58:32] updating what it can already uh you know update and see what all things have already happened. Okay. So this is the thing. Note down these words, note down these statements and remember this is how you even convey this is the way you understand yourself. Okay. So unnecessary don't try to find analogy and make it simpler. I have seen that in most technical terms the moment you start making analogies or try to make it simpler using again some of these uh analogies you are getting 
[2:59:07] wrong. You're making it wrong. Okay that will lead to only further confusions. Okay. So last part uh that will take another maybe 2 minutes I think. So but so much of the effort but can we have a end to end decent thing? Okay I'll take another five minutes. Okay so cycle now what do you mean by cycle? Okay so basically looping back. Okay the 
[2:59:37] output of the node one loops goes to the agent two. agent two can loop back to the uh agent one or node one. Okay. So that is called a cycling and for that we can also use conditional agit. So for example uh now one node let's say the node one goes to node two. Now whether the node two will end the conversation or will it go to the node three. For that I can add conditional edges. Okay. So here um I'm going to uh take a 
[3:00:10] simple use case. Okay. So until the user says by it will be looped. Okay. A conditional edge uh again calls a function. So let's see this one by one. Okay. Uh okay. I'm importing a system message like a human message, AI message and there is a system message. Okay. Again you can use the same type dict uh chat state but it is since already there uh I'm not 
[3:00:42] typing it again. If you want you can type it again. Okay but every time you invoke the overall graph the state refreshes. Remember that what do you mean by invoke here? Every time you invoke okay even though the name of the state is same the same name of the state you are passing here also. Okay, you will be using here, you'll be using later on. Okay, chat state. But this state will get refreshed every time the graph is invoked. 
[3:01:12] Let me repeat third times this state. So same state is being used by multiple graphs. You if you have observed the graphs, multiple nodes, multiple agents, whatever word you want to use fine. But every time this graph gets invoked, this graph gets invoked, the chat state, the state somewhere that is present in your RAM, okay, gets refreshed. 
[3:01:43] But the structure remains the same. So here I'm going to use the structure that's it. Okay. So I'll be invoking it later. So let's say I'll be invoking it later. Uh where is it? Yeah, here I am invoking it. No, this is model invoke. This is the graph and I'm going to invoke it later. Okay. So here chatboard.invoke and the same chat state will get updated. Okay. Fine. 
[3:02:17] Okay. So this is the chatbot node. The main node for our chatbot. So first before you start creating the node what is the best practice you create a function which you are going to attach to that node. So this is the function which I'm going to attach to the chatbot node. Okay. So starter start chatbot node end basic structure you can say. So this is generating response and I'm initializing a model here no doubt and I'm reading can you see what are we doing? This is reading the user query 
[3:02:51] from the messages. Huh. Five minutes. Five minutes. Okay. So, close the door. Yeah. So, here I'm reading get the current conversation history. That's what I told you. We are not just writing values. We can also read the values. So, I'm reading the messages from the history which is coming from the state automatically. This is a system message. Okay. You are a helpful assistant. You can put anything. So this is the role essentially I've been talking about the role task you put within the 
[3:03:22] prompt. The role is normally you put in the system message. Now you are making a API call model.invoke means API call in that API call the system prompt plus the user query. So this messages will have the user query. So system message plus the user query. Okay. These two combined together this is plus means what you are just appending concatenating is the correct word you are just concatenating two strings so that 
[3:03:55] combined string is now going to the model for your API call and now I'm uh updating the messages with the response. So whatever is that uh response from the model that is updated as a list. Can you see it's a list? So return the AI response to be added to the state. So this is now added to the state message. Simple. Now this is my conditional check node. Not yet. But this is the function which 
[3:04:26] I'm going to attach to the conditional check node. Okay. Router node in a way. H. So should continue. So again it reads the state prints checking for the exit condition reads the last message. So minus one because I told you that state will be a list. So I I am just looking at the last message. So minus one means look just at the last message. Okay. If the last message contains anywhere by if the user 
[3:04:58] says by then the conversation has to end, right? If the user says by or anywhere there is a by in the end okay the conversation has to end otherwise it will go back to the continue chat. Now what is this continue chat? This is the name of the node which I'll be using later. Okay. So I haven't yet created that node but this continue chat will be a node. So let's 
[3:05:28] create these two functions and finally we'll start wiring. So enter the chatbot node should continue your router and then it will decide whether to enter. So see you create that chatbot node attach and then you set the entry point at the chatbot. So directly the start is uh attached to the chatboard or you can add an edge either way it is fine. Okay. automatically. So you have set you are 
[3:06:00] not adding it. Uh so earlier if you see I had added an edge from start to the greeting node. So instead of doing that you can also use this set entry point. In this case, start will be automatically wired to your chatbot and chatbot is wired the chatbot is wired to should continue. So this is what is happening. The chatbot is continue uh chatbot is wired 
[3:06:31] to should continue that is your conditional router and it is also wired to end. So two things it is being wired to remember. See, I'm just zooming out just to show you. Okay. So, chatbot this is still here. Okay. Now 
[3:07:03] that is so in the next chatbot is attached to should continue. So this is your should continue uh I mean it will not be displayed but this is a conditional node. So think it this way. So chat bot is attached to a router node and this router node is called as should continue. Now this is not displayed unfortunately. Okay this is not 
[3:07:33] displayed and from here two things will happen. One is continue chart. Continue chart and the other is end. Can see these are the two things. Okay. Number one and number two. So this is your number one and number two. Fine. And then the continue chat is attached back to chatbot. Okay. What does that mean? So from here 
[3:08:04] this is wired back to this guy. your continue chat is wired to your chatbot. So from here it is wired back to your chatbot. So that is the loop it gets created and whereas end is wired to end. So this end this end small end sorry this is wired to actual end node. This is my end node. This is end node. So this is wired to the end node. Okay. And here it's loop back. That's the exact way. And this is 
[3:08:37] your start. That's how you read it. That is how you read it. So this router function that we have used, okay, that is a function that is not a node technically, which is why it is not displayed in the graph. Remember that router function is not a node technically. Okay, that is the reason it is not being displayed. Okay. 
[3:09:09] And even this is should continue. If you see this is also not being displayed. This is also not being displayed because that is also a function. Okay. So that is what is happening. Think it's good. And then all you have to do is just start this conversation. So, what is generative AI? 
[3:09:39] Uh-oh, I had to execute this. So, now you're building an agent end to end. Okay, you're wrapping your Huh. So, in this code, what is happening? You might be thinking what is happening here? You're wrapping your entire graph into a agent. So, that is what is happening. And you are wrapping it into an agent. Simple. Okay. So this 
[3:10:16] so it is now generating the response from the model. Actual model API call is being made because we have already used chat GPT here to invoke remember. So it is going to give some answer. Perfect. So it has given some answer and now it is if you want I can give examples this and that. Now say this is like literally mimicking your chart GP interface in a Jupyter notebook. Okay. I can ask so summarize 
[3:10:47] uh this into bullet points. Now I'm expecting because of the agent state. I'm expecting be because of the agent state. You see because of the agent state it knew see I said summarize this in two bullet points. So because of the agent state it knew exactly what summarization I'm looking for. The beauty can see. 
[3:11:20] No, that has not happened. Oh, sorry, sorry. Right now, we are not passing the conversation history. Sorry, sorry. That that part will come later in the memory. Uhhuh. This is just the agent state to track what each node has done. But not for the LLM. So, for the LLM part, it has to be still done. Okay. Anyway, but uh I can actually keep on uh conversing because it is still asking me. Uh so I 
[3:11:50] can ask uh agentic AI versus uh AI agent in two bullet points. Let's see. Okay, so I've got two bullet points. one for agent, one is for AI agent and let's say thanks by so once I say by then automatically it will stop 
[3:12:22] I hope no exit sorry the user has to type exit uh so this is what the code says so I'll have to type exit it will stop you see so remember that unless the user is typing exit It is in a while loop. Remember it is in a while loop. This is not a very efficient way of doing things. So this is very very crudest way. So actually wrapping this entire thing into a proper 
[3:12:53] u way to orchestrate that is what we'll learn in the next notebook. Okay. This is a very very you know crude way of building a chatbot. Okay. using a while loop and then invoking the graph again and again and tracking what the user is saying. There's not very intelligent way of doing things. But at least this is where the you know real learning comes. How to build a agent, how to you know update the states, how to create the state, update the states, how to wire, 
[3:13:24] how to create the nodes, how to build the conditional address. So those things are you know discussed in this notebook that these are the main you know takeaways from here conditional edges reducers because the next notebook will already assume that you know what are status what the notebooks are what's are edges what reducers are what are conditionalizers so these explanations will not be repeated directly we'll jump into advanced topics like check memory checkpointing this is where 
[3:13:55] the model will know the previous conversations. Okay, right now the agent knows the previous conversations not the model that's why it was not able to recolct. So agent knowing and model knowing there are two different things. Okay. And then more flow control for example send and uh command. So this we will see how to execute parallel nodes. Right now it is still sequential but what if you want to create parallel nodes and so on. 
[3:14:26] Okay, I'll stop here. Uh I think we are done for the day. So tomorrow we'll start with a third agent. Okay, and which will be creating a conditional router like this proper and build a customer support agent without a model. And then in the next notebook we will attach a model and make it agentic. So this is the sorry agentic version of that. Okay. So this is the fourth one. 
[3:15:01] So let me see if there are any questions. We are done. So one is asking will list grow dynamatically? It will grow dynamically as the more and more agent conversations are happening. It will grow. If user will have more common variables gross nodes then how can I declare 
[3:15:32] variables inside state class and this more examples will be there in the subsequent projects where you will have more number of uh variables in the state. So don't worry we have already addressed that. Okay. So we'll create a full on agents where you'll have at least four to five variables within the agent state and which state variable will be updated that also can be done just like you remember um in the agent builder toolkit 
[3:16:05] uh customer support agent that we built uh in the last session. Okay. So there we had three global variables one for the query, one for the sentiment, one for the query category. Same thing we can have in lang graph also. So chat state refreshed means what uh means what the what all the previous agents and nodes have done they'll just get cleared from the memory. Okay that's the main thing. 
[3:16:36] Okay. Yay. Okay. So uh if I say chat box continue it will go back to the start won't my previous conver see there are two different things we are talking one is the conversation being tracked in the agent state and one is the conversation being tracked in the model. Okay, we are 
[3:17:08] right now not tracking for the model. It is all being updated in the agent state. Okay, but that updation in the agent state is not being shared with the model. So model still is stateless as of now. The conversation history is not being passed on to the model. Remember that. So model cannot apply its brain to continue or not because it does not see that history. So the only way to control the overall flow is via the code and in the code that is the reason I have hardcoded that unless and until the user 
[3:17:41] says exit don't exit. There is no other way you can control the user flow. Is that clear? There is no other way you can control the user flow. User flow or the conversation flow definitely not the model because model conversations are still being stateless in this example. we have not implemented proper memory only that is the way that the model will decide to continue or not. Right now that decision is being taken explicitly 
[3:18:11] by the agent uh or the agent state. Okay. Why and how? Because of the while equal to true. So by default it will continue. That's the while equal to true means. By default it will continue unless the user says exit. Okay. So, tomorrow we have uh a Q&A session. Uh I think I forgot to announce that. Okay. So, tomorrow we have a Q&A 
[3:18:43] session. I should have announced that. Uh yeah. Okay. Uh so, everyone who has more queries, please join that uh tomorrow session. Okay. Time and link has been shared. So any questions from all the previous sessions we'll take it tomorrow. Okay. Thank you.
