
[0:00] Yes. Okay. Wait. 
[0:35] So any questions finally on line graph and any other things in general before we start with the crewi stuff. So that will be the next topic. 
[1:16] All good. 
[2:02] Okay, I don't know what to conclude. No one is saying something or anything. So we'll be advancing towards the deployment after kuri. So tomorrow I think we have a session on the deployment part. Okay. I'll be taking 
[2:35] one of our previous projects and first deploy that in local. In fact first convert that into a deployment code from notebook code to deployment code. Uh I'll be of course using a a model like maybe geminy child GPT something. Okay. And uh convert that notebook code into a deployment code. We'll be setting up a local machine. I mean I will do it. I 
[3:07] may not be able to wait for everyone to do it. uh because again everyone will try doing it end up into errors issues. So that will you know make the live session a bit more confusing chaos. So what I would strongly suggest is everyone to follow my instructions carefully going through the recordings. Okay. 
[3:38] and uh do the deployment part. If there are concerns, issues, you can first reach out to the support team. But even before that, I would suggest you to, you know, try to resolve whatever errors using charge. Try to help yourself first. Okay, that's how you would learn and evolve. Of course, worst case scenario is support team and even worer scenario is I spend the next class uh you know helping you guys out. 
[4:12] Okay. But uh okay uh yeah so that is what and after that next week we'll be implementing more on the observability. I think observability tomorrow itself we'll have a quick discussion and implementation as well uh MCPA2A. So those are a couple of things that we'll be doing in the next week. So ideally by the next week end we should be able to 
[4:43] cover major part maybe one or two additional projects that I have planned we can do it in the seventh and the 8th of Feb. Yeah, 7th uh 7th evening I may not be there. I'm not sure. I'll be traveling. So we can have a session only on 8th not on 7th. So in that case that would be the last session. Yeah. So last three four 
[5:14] sessions that's the uh term that we have remaining. So primarily I'll be doing it on AWS tomorrow but we have labs and instructions for replicating the same on AWS and other cloud platforms. Okay. So please do not disturb the tomorrow's session. Uh I'll not be able to help you out in the live session because again too many things cannot be discussed. 
[5:45] So I'll just focus on the AWS part first and uh the team will share you the lab links where they have implemented the same thing on AWS sorry Azure and other yeah so Karthik has already shared the project link session joining link for the project session okay uh setting up the cloud account open thank you so much Karthik that is really super helpful 
[6:15] Okay. So at least uh prerequisite part yes the main prerequisite is your uh infrastructure preparation. Okay. Um Karthik by chance do you have another lab anywhere uh where uh VS code installation and setting up setting up means installing Python and those things creating a virtual environment. two things. One is installing VS code and second is installing Python and third thing is 
[6:47] creating a virtual environment activating. So these four things are discussed. Do you have any lab? This can be really Yes, we have similar type of lab. Uh I will share it with you at the end of the session because tomorrow's session will be entirely on local. Till now we have been doing uh on collab and even today we'll be continuing the same on collab. Okay. But suddenly all of a sudden there is no collab and there is everything local. So uh if you have a link right away please share it. I will also go through it. 
[7:17] Okay. So that is going to be very helpful. Maybe you can also share the same. After that we will do the deployment as well on the AWS cloud. Yeah, AWS will be there but before that we will deploy it on local. Local deployment is very important because you cannot keep uh AWS resources running for your experimentation. Once you know that everything is sorted running well as expected all the UI elements everything is working then you containerize it and dump it on AWS. That is one approach or you do the same 
[7:49] installations and everything because a lot of uh nuances would be there, errors would be there. AWS means every single resource will keep billing you. So uh normally we don't experiment on AWS. AWS is more for uh closer to uh you know deployment things. All the experimentation stuff should be done in the local itself. Okay. So testing yes testing can be done on AWS before it is rolled out for the 
[8:21] before it is rolled out for the um common public to use. Okay. So uh create Ubuntu VM. Yeah that is fine. um that should really help but I'm looking for a tutorial in which a VS code is being downloaded installed Python and then followed by so I'll just note it down because if you guys can 
[8:51] figure it out this so install VS code or any of the W coding platforms winds of cursor will also do cursor or VS code Ji Just a minute I'll take your questions and then followed by install Python especially the version 3.12. Okay, I don't want 3.13. I mean that's the version I'll be taking accurate tomorrow and then create 
[9:25] uh virtual and and then how to activate it depending on your OS cuz this itself can be a bit tricky. Okay, because the instructions are quite different for each of the operating systems. Although it's a single line code, but it's tricky. 
[9:57] Fine. So I have shared the four things which if you are prepared you will be instantly able to do it because I'll be already starting with a local uh version of probably VS code or windsurf mostly windsurf okay I would already have Python in that creating virtual environment is no big deal I think I'll already start with the virtual environment creation as well because these first three things would have already been done Okay. Although 
[10:27] I'll be sharing the instructions but the first three things would already be done. Okay. So I'll just straight away activate and uh start developing our deployment code. Right. So see if you can create a tutorial on this. If you have a video fantastic otherwise see if you can create a tutorial and share it. Okay. So yeah 
[10:58] workbook there is no other workbook we'll just simply take one of the previous uh agents that we created customer support mostly we'll be taking the same customer support you remember billing support technical support and so that is the Python notebook will be the starting point there's no other notebook same notebook we will take and then convert that notebook into deployment board customer support agent billing general general and uh technical query. Remember probably that is lab number four. 
[11:31] Okay. So yes, timings have changed. So please check your timings. Uh most of the US public they will be having it in their evening. Um the Indian jenta will be having it in their early mornings. Okay. So please check your timings as well. This is a new link which has been updated and we would not have the regular session. Right? That is another thing you'll have to note. 
[12:44] Okay. So, anyone wants to speak, please go ahead. Yeah. Just one question. So, so today US time evening we have a class and then is that like next week also same same time? It's only one session. It's one session. Okay. Only one session. So please um you know adjust it for just one session okay and try to not miss it out because again this will be difficult uh in live 
[13:16] session there are a lot of queries I can handle although errors related to installations and those things will not be supported as I mentioned already but if there are logical queries scenarios those things I'll be definitely uh you know ready to take them but not questions related to errors in the installations of anything anything because everyone's will have their different environment different OS different machines and everyone's error message will be quite different okay so 
[13:47] you know giving individual uh support in the live session for their errors will be only wasting the session time frankly that's what I believe but but definitely the team and uh myself will be, you know, ready to help you anytime. Yeah. 
[14:37] Okay. Any other question? Joti, you had a question. Yeah. Uh Pashant, no you answered already because my question was, you know, uh where we are going to deploy uh thing. So you mentioned AWS. Uh so that's great actually. I tried it on OCI actually which worked fine. So it will be good comparison for me actually for AWS. Nice. Nice. So maybe you can also share some of your uh you know 
[15:08] uh comparisons or feedback how it went. Yes, that would be really nice. And something what was not working I tried it out today itself on AWS uh instance. So I I was facing lot of challenges. So I think those will be addressed tomorrow by during the workshop. Maybe those mistakes I won't repeat actually. Yeah. Let's see. So I mean I have already well documented all the steps and mostly I'll be following those steps 
[15:38] and the chances that you will get into trouble is minimum because this is not the first time I'm doing the same project and the same environment and the same steps. Okay. So this is probably the fifth time I'm doing it. Okay. So no not even fifth. Sixth time. Okay. I have already done it for the previous batches plus three other batches. Uh okay. That's great. So since we have already done it through so many iterations so I know the 
[16:09] nuances. So while explaining I would already take care of those nuances and let you uh know them quite in advance. So but in any case uh following me along the session I I would not be expecting and uh but hearing me out those nuances and taking care of those that is more important than immediately trying to replicate. If you're good in cloud, you can definitely keep along uh doing it. So only two 
[16:42] people would uh be able to do it along with me. One who have been doing some uh coding in your local. So that comfort is really the deal breaker. Okay. And if you have already a decent cloud understanding especially these uh EC2 instances number one and probably what else is needed EC2 instance connect and some of the Unix commands shell commands Ubuntu commands okay sudo commands that is so if you have understanding of these 
[17:14] three four things uh then tomorrow's session will be just super easy for those guys okay but for others I would strongly suggest that you focus on what I'm doing rather than trying to replicate alongside because if you're completely new to developing in local most of the times you will end up you know skipping steps forgetting steps and obviously not paying attention is another problem big problem 
[17:44] okay so let's get started I'll share the first uh project with you okay so give me a So, Crewi is a complete uh new framework uh open source and very very popular I would say. Okay. 
[18:45] Okay. 
[20:18] I've shared the link in the chat uh for the notebook. So let me know if you can access this. 
[20:56] Yeah. Does it work? Yes. So, first thing first, start with the installation. In the meantime, I'll discuss what this project is all about. 
[23:49] Okay. Um let's start. Um I had one lab on how to create uh images using Python code. In fact, most of that is already covered in this. So, probably I don't need to do it all over again. So, let's start. Okay. So, some hypothetical companies there uh called as Noasoft. You can see 
[24:23] some business scenario I have created here. Okay. Joti is saying I am not aware of EC2 that's it we'll use EC2 bedrock we can use bedrock I mean these open AI models can be replaced by bedrock that's the additional thing we can do okay I have a lab on how to create end to end uh but end to end uh rack system in AWS 
[24:57] but usually I do this in the genai uh courses not in the agent authentic. Okay. Anyway, so some companies there a midsize financial company offering digital banking and wealth management services across India and Southeast Asia and uh we are going to you know create some marketing campaigns for them and they are already having a team who is working a lot but manually creating platform specific social media content for LinkedIn and stuff. The content 
[25:28] quality is inconsistent because many people are involved their thought process and everything else. So brand voice also varies. They lack the bandwidth to produce high quality visuals many times. So solution can we create a multi- aent AI pipeline using CUI. Okay. Marketing. Okay. So we have got finally one guy who is really interested in uh 
[25:59] yeah how is it different? Yes, we'll talk about the difference. Yeah. So I'm just talking about the business scenario first. And that automates the entire social media content creation flow. So literally you can use the same pipeline for creating your LinkedIn post, Twitter posts, Instagram reels and so on. Okay. Because it's not only going to generate uh text but also end to end visuals. Okay. So from research writing to image generation producing platform optimize as I said. So for different platforms uh 
[26:33] the aspect ratio of the visuals the creatives also change. Okay. Uh so we should be able to do end to end ready to publish post with AI generated visuals. In fact, there is a company uh I I'm not sure about anyone knowing about this super group. I'm not promoting also. Okay. Has anyone heard of this super group by chance? So in this uh this is the exactly the 
[27:05] same business model of this company. Okay. So if you go through this, this is a AI powered application. You can say you just have to set your persona what you want, what LinkedIn content you want to create. They'll give you high level ideas and from there narrow down to exact content. They will create entire end to- end content for you including images everything. And you can also set up the content posting scheduling also if you connect your LinkedIn account with them 
[27:35] in your in a paid version. Okay. So automatically the post will get created and keep getting posted automatically at your predefined schedule and time. So that's the business model. But more or less you can um imitate by creating our own agents. So that's the idea here. Okay. If you just want to check. Yeah. So yeah, if you go to this grow my LinkedIn. 
[28:08] Okay. So publishing a post and all that. So I tried this uh for a week. Now I don't have access. I can't even show you but just to understand what these guys are doing new. Okay. But if you see on the left side you have podcast creation. You can have post create generation carousel maker. I was mostly interested in their carouselmaker but they had very very bad pipelines. Uh voice notes can 
[28:39] be created and then other canban dashboards calendar everything. Uh you can also analyze some of the viral post by topic. So just you provide the topic names they will scrape the viral posts and also the names of the influencers in those domains and so on. So and they will also give you analytics about your LinkedIn profile. So this is a platform but I don't see it is at all difficult to create frankly okay just in two or three prompts uh replet will will be able to uh they will love to 
[29:13] you know create a copy of this but more importantly how your agent pipeline works is most important. So creating a platform is useless if the content generated is not worth posting at the end. So I ended up posting not a single uh creative from this platform even after you know giving a serious thought. I thought maybe it will save a lot of my time. I did lot of you know research this and that but 
[29:43] ultimately I had to give up. Okay. So there can be motivation. Why not do something on our own? Yeah. Ready? All warmed up. Okay. So these are the concepts that we'll be covering. Uh what is the agent, 
[30:13] task, crew, process, primitives? basically uh the initials of what this Grey platform is all about. Okay, we'll be creating tools using the tool decorator normally that uh similar to what we have been doing in our yeah uh langraph and lang chain things 
[30:44] and then open AI image generation. This is the API that we'll be using. So you will also get exposure to um this image generation uh API I would say. Okay. If you are also interested maybe I can take an example of how to create audio and videos speech to text to speech. I have separate labs for them. Normally I don't take it in the agentic batch but maybe if time permits I may 
[31:16] think. Okay. or maybe we can connect that into a pipeline. I'll just see if that is possible. Okay, we can create a small project on that uh using Creoi. So, and but definitely this is going to be really helpful. Okay. So, sequential versus hierarchal crew process uh again multi- aent systems. Okay. Can be done in sequence or hierarchal is a better approach if you want to create a multi- aent system. But again, sequential can 
[31:46] also be done. Uh no doubt. So sequential means uh one agent will create the content, second will review it, third one will edit it. So something that's the sequential pipeline I'm talking about. Okay. So if the installations are done um you have to set up your API keys no doubt and then agent task crew process these are the core imports and I also see imports called as base 64 here base 
[32:16] 64 is to generate uh images normally the images are generated or created by these uh OpenAI platform. Shant you have a okay so the images generated by this OpenAI API okay they will have to be converted into B 64 before that you know data transfer can be done. So if you 
[32:48] want to upload image or download image all of that happens in a B 64 format. Later on the B 64 format will be converted into a pixels data. Okay. And uh using this image we'll be converting into pixels and then we can display it in the Jupyter notebook. Okay. So similarly whenever you want to upload your image uh again into these APIs. Uh now again if you go to the image generation API of uh openai they have 
[33:19] two class of models two categories of models altogether. One is Delhi based Delhi 2 Delhi 3. they are still available. Although the Delhi models are getting deprecated maybe in another 6 months they will stop these Delhi models but Delhi models where the initial generation of image generation models. Okay. So the way they generate uh images and give it to you is different than the newer generation models which is powered by GPT. 
[33:56] GPT image one and 1.5 you also have I think 1.5 pro or what uh on the left side you can see create images process inputs okay so you can do this by responses API images API directly can be used or you can use the responses API either okay so and then use cases are also given when would you want to use the images API versus when would you want to go for the responses API. Okay. So this is a highle code um you can use 
[34:27] and the model wise this is a u latest generation. So the older generation is powered by deli 2 del 3 that's what I was talking about uh which don't have the same inherent understanding of the world as the GPT image. So this is the newer generation model. Okay. We'll be mostly using uh advanced version of the image generation models which is 1.5. that is the latest and the most advanced image generation model available from openAI. Okay. 
[34:58] So it can understand text and images and it can leverage this. So what I have seen is uh the text rendering within the images text rendering within the images by this GPT 1.5 model is very very far superior compared to your Delhi 2 del and it's almost equivalent to your um your nano banana model or stability AI model. Okay so stability is another 
[35:29] stability AI. Okay, another company whose uh image generation models are super super popular I would say. Okay, so stable diffusion models the they have again these three generation stable image ultra stable image core and stable image model suite. So these are the latest based models, foundation models. These are fast and affordable models. And if you really want a high scale, large scale output photorealistic models, you 
[36:01] have to go for ultra. So they have their different pricing for each of these three class of models. I would say this this company is only surviving with image generation models. So you can understand how serious they are in terms of image generation capabilities. Okay. So they don't have any text and other platforms nothing. they are just giving and focusing on image generation. That's it. Okay. So yeah uh on the right side you have the credits or pricing. Pricing 
[36:31] is mostly in terms of credit. When you sign up into the account you will get 25 free credits. Okay. And how you use the credits will be dependent on which model are you using. Okay. For each of these tasks. So you can see and again you can go to the API documentation page right and later on you can also buy more credits right. So credit usage will also be as per the size and the resolution of the images that you want to create. So if 
[37:04] you go through the API documentation they will give you the sizes which are supported by these models. So the same sizes are not supported by your u image generation models like GPT 1.5 or Delhi models. So this is the state-of-the-art image generation model. This is the one that we'll be using in our um hands-on. Okay. So this is the API documentation page. You can just 
[37:36] share sorry you can refer. Okay. Uh Santo is asking the link link for the notebook. Are you seeing? So here is the link for the Okay. And there is super group if you're still interested. After all my review, honest review can check 
[38:08] this out. Maybe I was not capable of utilizing their platform correctly. Okay. Fine. Uh this is again OpenAI client and uh this is creating a folder for storing all the generated posts. Okay. So this is where all the generated posts are there all the images and everything and this is going to set up make your 
[38:41] complete setup configure the LLM. Okay. So you can use again GPT 4.1 mini as a primary text generation that is smart as non-reasoning. If you really want reasoning then uh you can substitute this with GPT5 mini model. Okay that also supports temperature. uh supporting temperature means being more creative of course which is essential for the content generation stuff right 
[39:11] okay so now what is the philosophy of agent in crew AI okay so I think huh so I'll talk about this agents in the section four okay so we'll First create some tools which will be accessed by these agents. Common story. Okay. All these agents will need some tools. In this case, the tool would be to generate social media image. Okay. So, generates 
[39:43] high quality social media images using OpenAI's image 1.5 model and input should be detailed visual description of the image to generate returns the file. Okay. So it will take the prompt which have the which will have the visual description of the image that you want to generate. So it will take a string and output okay the entire file path. So file path will also be a string. Okay. 
[40:15] So here you can change the name. Okay. You can change the name here 1.5. So all these results that you currently see in the notebook they are all generated by 1.5 sorry 1.0 okay I think you will have it this is all generated by 1.0 zero. Okay. So now I'm rerunning all the notebooks, okay, with 1.5 mod. Now interesting thing is every time I have been running this node um 
[40:46] these guys have been holding the mobile phones clipped I mean the cameras on your side sorry the screen on your side. Okay, which is a bit awkward. Okay. So they should have I mean generated an image where they are looking at the screen and the camera angle is such that you are also able to see the content being seen by this professionals. Okay. Instead of flipping the screen towards uh the viewer. Okay. So this is one strange thing that has 
[41:17] been happening. Even I have tried generating this in other notebooks and other scenarios. Okay. Almost with similar prompts. uh probably it could be the prompt which is a problem but at least this is much better idea than than generating this kind of a content okay maybe we'll see but stability has been doing really good okay but I have already exhausted my credits for stability so I'm not using this and this okay so what I'll do is if you really have your uh account balance ticktak I 
[41:50] mean decent uh I would suggest you to go with 1.5 model. Okay. So, run this. There will be minimum changes. There would be but I would say minimum changes between these two APIs. But the change between this and quality a quality will change just a minute. Quality will change because 
[42:23] thing. Okay. Quality will change. H. So quality will change. And there is 
[42:53] one more. Let me just talk about the quality. The exact keywords are slightly different. So just give me a minute. Where are we? 
[43:54] H. So quality is high, medium, low. So these are the keywords. Okay. So keyword supported by stability AI is slightly different. That is the only thing I'm just looking into the documentation. The keywords are slightly different for stability. Okay. But for GP it is high media low right. 
[44:27] So Delhi models use standard and HD and for JPT image it is high, medium, low. Right? So that is the clear difference between the Delhi models. They only support two qualities. One is standard quality and one is the HD quality. That is the exact keyword you'll be giving uh for Delhi models standard or HD. But for GPT image 1.5 models it is high, medium and low. Correct? So that is what I wanted to verify. So looks good. Uh I 
[44:59] just wanted to verify that if I change from 1 to 1.5 uh you know the quality keyword should not be changing. Okay. So sizes I have I think size if you want I think I can also give you the sizes which are supported. I had saved it somewhere. 
[46:01] Hat. So I can where is the business view? 
[46:52] Okay. So the sizes are also different as I said. So JPT image 1.5 supports these sizes. Okay. Easily for landscape and uh others. Delhi models have slightly different uh sizes but your stability AI model SD 3.5 your stability AI model okay stability SD these are all stab stable diffusion SD is a stable diffusion models so they support sizes in this format instead of 
[47:24] giving the pixel values so that is the thing probably I should be putting this later. So all you have to do is just refresh this page and uh you'll get this all this information which I have just now added additionally. Yeah, I think we are good to go ahead. Um so other styling and those things maybe 
[47:56] we can discuss but code wise uh so once you receive the result you'll have to so this result is in a B 64 JSON format you'll have to fetch that decode this get into bytes okay and that this is your time stamp I'm just using that time stamp to save it okay so these are the two steps fetching the by 64 data from the JSON converting that uh 64 byt 64 data into 
[48:28] actually image bytes so this is how it will look like image bytes I'm just putting my cursor over there okay and this is how it looks in the base 64 format okay yeah and the JSON format will be anyway JSON everyone knows what is that fine. Okay. So this is going to open that file path in the right binary mode. WB is 
[49:01] your right binary and then all the image bytes are written and saved. Fine. I just saved it. If there is any error that will be captured and given it to you, right? So now uh custom tool for the platform limit compliance and all. So this counts the characters in a given text useful for checking Twitter which has you know limitation for 280 characters. So there are other platform dependent uh for example LinkedIn also 
[49:33] you cannot dump thousand characters into the LinkedIn post. Okay. So if there are character level limits then uh we should also be aware of that right. So this is going to count the actual number of characters okay which are present in your text part of the post I would say. So these are the five specialized agents we'll be creating with a distinct role in a content pipeline. Okay. So now see 
[50:04] the concept of agents in crewi is like very atomic in nature. I would say these are mostly atomic kind of a agent. What does that mean atomic agents? So agent is like a actual agent that you would visualize in a real world. Okay. So agent will have a clear role. Agent will have a task. Agent will have a backstory. Okay. And then you will kick off that agent. So these are the three things 
[50:36] which will be common for every agent. You'll have to define very clearly role, goal and backstory. Yeah. Goal is that task I was talking about. Okay. And then the set of tools which this agent can access. Okay. So role is the name what kind of agent it is. Overall goal that you have to go ahead and kill the terrorist and backstory information about that terrorist. the approach where this guy is hiding and what all tools available you have a rocket launcher you have a MMG 
[51:08] and you know James Bond style cars everything okay so that is the set of tools so if more than one agent is needed then the second agent will also have the same will also have a role maybe a supervisor agent or a worker agent whatever field agent it is again the task of that agent Okay, backstory and tools. So these are the common things that is how you actually define an agent. So once you have multiple agents, agent 1, agent 2, 3, 4, 5, a 
[51:39] team of these agents is called as crew of agents. So crew literary meaning is a team. Okay. And that's how the name of the platform is called as crew AI. Okay. So that is the philosophy of agents in uh Crew AI. Okay, so these are the five agents we'll be creating. Content strategist, research and strategy, analyzes topic, identifies the angles, audience insights. So you can also provide some of these details 
[52:12] for whom you are going to create these agents uh some audience profile. You can provide LinkedIn writer. So this is the guy who will actually create thoughtprovoking LinkedIn posts. Okay. Then Twitter writer is there. Instagram writer is there. So three writer agents we have and then there's a visual designer who will create images for these posts. Clear? Make sense? 
[52:42] Uh okay. So let's see one by one social media content strategist. So this is the guy who will prepare the strategy for a given platform. Okay. Analyze the given topic. Develop a compelling content angle tailored for a fintech financial services brand targeting professionals and retail customers in India, Southeast Asia. I mean you'll have to narrow down to a target audience no doubt or a global audience whatever word you want to use or Latin American whatever the 
[53:12] uh backstory you are a senior content uh in experience in fintech marketing. You understand how to position complex financial topics from UPR payments to insurance to wealth management in ways that resonate with both B2B and B2C. You always ground your strategy in current market trends and audience psychology. Okay. If you want you can, you know, use this as a base. Go to chart GPT and try to make it a bit more thorough uh more comprehensive. 
[53:43] So all these kind of prompt things can be easily obtained from your chart GPD stuff. So of course uh you will provide different LLMs. Okay. Okay. So for the content strategy you will use a normal open AI model uh which will generate the text part and for the visual designer you will uh give the name of the model which is for image generation. Right? 
[54:18] Okay. Verbos true. So which means as the agent uh you can say executes the outputs can be immediately presented. Okay that's the meaning of verbose and allow delegation is false. So this is important um setting I would say. So if you are creating multiple agents which are having a supervisor or if there is a hierarchy okay then the delegation is important also when you 
[54:49] are uh you can say you want the agents to do a coordination amongst themselves. Okay that is where again the delegation will be set as true. Okay, if these agents are working as a part of a predefined pipeline, first you do this, then you do this and then you do this and then you do that. Then you don't need these agents to you know talk to each other and delegate. Okay, that's like a iterative loop. Okay. 
[55:27] So this is for the LinkedIn. Um so LinkedIn content specialist is there. Write a professional thought leadership post 800 to 59 character. This is end to end post uh that drives engagement through insights. You are expert. Again, if you want a smaller post, let's say 200 characters or 300 characters, okay, that can also be done. But again, you'll probably need to change this. So, multiple versions of 
[55:59] LinkedIn because LinkedIn also provides you a complete blog post kind of a thing. Okay, so LinkedIn ghost writer for fintech and this is some SEO insights. You use line bras for readability. Start with a hook. Include three to five relevant hashtags at the end and always end with a question or a call to action. CDA is call to action to drive comments. Okay, so this is just to make the post more compelling and engaging. Same goes with 
[56:30] Twitter. Twitter X. Create a viral tweet. Maximum three tweets under 280 characters that is punchy, informative, and including trending hashtags. you are a social media and so on. So here you are also attaching the tools. Now here this tool is important because we want the Twitter agent to not create too lengthy posts. Okay. Uh what else? We have the Instagram 
[57:03] writer similarly and this visual designer will have the tool called as generating social media. Okay. So AI visual designer content designer is there generator professional visually. 
[57:35] Okay, Santos, I'll answer that. And uh Kashan, yes, I'll also answer that. So, don't worry. Yeah. So, quite a self-explanatory. Nothing nothing new in this. Okay. Back to back. I've created these five agents. Now, you define the task and start running. So you see actually this is much more simpler than your lang graph 
[58:07] and stuff. Okay. Um as long as the workflow is not very complex if you can create atomic agents which have very well definfined tasks and they can work either in sequence or parallel is actually much simpler in that case. Right? So here uh let's start defining the task overall. Okay. So role is there goal is there. So apart from the role goal there is one more thing that you have to uh define 
[58:38] externally. So see this is a part of the agent itself. This is a part of the uh agent definition itself. Now you'll have to define a task externally and then we will bind the task to this agent. Okay. So goal is not the end task. I would say goal is like a highle idea about the task but the detailing about the mission. Okay. What exactly protocol has to be followed that instruction in 
[59:09] detail is given usually in the task. And the third step will be to attach the task to the agent. So you define the agent, you define the task and then you attach these two. Okay. You can even attach multiple tasks to a given agent that is also possible. Okay. So let's see the first task here that is a content strategy task. Analyze the topic. That's what I told you. So you can see the same content strategist can 
[59:39] create for three different platforms and um the instructions are very clear. It will take the topic from the perspective of this company and uh it's a fintech company. Develop a content strategy that includes a key message angle, target audience, u segments and three different directions, suggest tone for each and key data points, right? Expected output, a structured content brief with the message. So this is exactly what we 
[1:00:11] normally do in our prompts. But here we have clear sections for those uh to define. So earlier also in langraph we used to define all these as a part of the prompt normal prompt role goal instructions context and all that. But here we have clear uh you can say placeholders or sockets where you will actually put them. 
[1:00:52] What else? What else? H uh yeah. So this is the place where you are assigning the agent. Okay. So expected output and the agent. So this task will be done by which agent? That is what you are assigning. Okay. Uh sir, sorry to sorry to interrupt you Prashan, sir. Uh I'm not able to follow. Okay. The reason 
[1:01:23] is I do not know what is crew AI. Mhm. Yeah. So I mean I'm not able to follow past one hour like you know I'm just sick thinking okay when is we'll know like what is crew AI? I mean these are all we can do right but the thing is what is crew AI? how it is different. I'm not able to get it that one and that that like anxiety going on with me past 1 hour when I'm in the session. Mhm. 
[1:01:53] Yeah. So if you can Okay. No, no worries. So I'll just recap. So career wise uh I think uh we have been discussing earlier also uh there are three four major uh what we can say frameworks okay which you can use to create agents okay one is langraph blankchain based other is third is autogen uh these things we also discussed at a time when we were discussing about the 
[1:02:24] agents in general design patterns I thought Maybe that got missed out. Fine. Uh yeah. So, Langraph, Langchen based. Other is the Creo AI uh which is also very very popular. Third is Autogen also now known as AG2. Okay. And the fourth one is uh mostly again uh H what's the exact name? Hen or HA something like that. Uh I don't use 
[1:02:56] that. Yeah, it's h stack. H stack. H stack. Yeah. So I've never used it so I have no idea how that works. But yeah, these are the top three. U mostly everyone uses. Now langraph goes normally by the you can say workflow concept of langraph agent is like a workflow. If you have a well- definfined workflow which a human has been following the same workflow can be 
[1:03:27] assigned to a agent or multiple agents who will follow that workflow iteratively autonomously plan it these are the multiple things created branching fan in fan out patterns so all those different complex patterns we have created which I have never done in CUI uh I don't know whether it even supports because I never got that kind of a use is but if there are atomic agents like one agent for a specific task is that is what you want to do then crew is 
[1:03:57] probably the best so I can give you multiple scenarios so crew means you are creating a single agent which has a well- definfined task this and that and collection of such agents is a crew that is the English meaning and this framework which allows you to create such agents is creoy I mean this is the explanation which I gave and again I'm repeating the same thing there's not much to learn in this CUI apart from this. Okay, because other things will be just theoretical stuff. I mean you can 
[1:04:29] uh maybe just check the documentation page. Um let me see if there is anything new that I'm missing. Uh uh okay just a sec there are questions about the state. So see there is nothing called a state in cry once again. So the only 
[1:05:00] state is the output of the previous agent. Okay that you can provide as a context. Okay. So in probably one of the case uh you can see the context you are providing. So that is the output of the previous agent. There's no central state management as in langraph. Okay. So whatever the previous agent has done you give that output to this agent so that this agent will continue using that context. Okay. So that is the clear 
[1:05:32] answer to that question. Here the agents have clear well- definfined roles, goals. We see this backstory basically anything which has happened before this agent takes in. So for example in these cases okay these agents will be told that okay there is someone who has already created that strategy you need to implement that strategy. Okay, for the visual creator, uh all you can say is okay, 
[1:06:02] some agents have already created the strategy and the text. Okay, your job is to follow that strategy and the text and create a maybe image or creatives which follow that text and the plan coherently. That's the additional thing. uh you can put it in the backtory apart from the you know usual uh instructions how to create these creatives in this case. Okay. Another 
[1:06:34] scenario where you might um want to use COI probably is let's say many people have created uh such agents in N8. You might have seen in those videos. Okay. Like if you want to book a flight, let's take a scenario like that. Okay. So, one agent which will independently do the flight research based on the user uh preferences that you would already provide in the context itself that you want morning time, evening time, 
[1:07:05] preferred airlines, this and that. Uh your job is to research all of these based on the cost. give me a table the choices and maybe I mean you of course you'll have to provide all the constraints so that the table is not too big it just ends up with one or two choice at the end so that the next agent is able to you know do the transactions if uh that is possible okay now this is possible because now some of the payment gateways 
[1:07:36] are also coming up with uh their MCP servers so second agent will actually go ahead book that particular flight. Okay, seeing the output from the previous agent. So, booking particular flight means it will navigate into the particular website probably. Okay, so that also means you'll have to provide all sort of access uh to your browser or something like that. Um so it will navigate probably select that particular flight 
[1:08:07] option and then it will go to the payment page. From there the third agent will probably take over or the MCP server for your payment gateway will take over. Okay. And do that payment. In the meantime if you have also got other agents for planning your vacation. So one is making anal itinary or you know vacation itinary for 3 days 4 days. So they will just check for the weather information u depending on that also uh you know by the time if the flight 
[1:08:40] information is available that agent will also know exactly what time you are landing into that destination location in their local time. So based on that the first day itinerary can also be customized. Okay. And since the flight information is also available, the day four, day five, the ending day itinerary will also be customized. So subsequently this can be taken over by uh itinerary strategist. So that is your strategist and then another agent will take over 
[1:09:10] which will look for uh hotels maybe. Okay. Now these are all atomic agents. Again I'm using the word atomic agents. These are granular agents. They are all specialized in one specific task and they are all just being orchestrated one after the other. In this case, it's not happening that the flight agent uh will be triggered. Uh so for example on a given date no hotels are available. 
[1:09:43] It cannot go back to the flight agent and saying that boss there is no hotel available. you better change the date of the flight. Okay, so that is something which I personally have not done and I don't know if that is even possible. Okay, so normally the tasks in KUI go hierarchy or left to right in a linear fashion. So CUI is best for this. If you want to create those kind of complex interruptable iterative patterns, stay with langraph. 
[1:10:15] That's my strong one question. Uh so you mentioned about MCP server right uh model context protocol. So is that something uh so basically that is for uh storing all of the whatever resources and all that stuff. Uh so can that be used le leveraged using crew AI and also lang chain depending on the use case right either or uh can you say like what would be the potential use cases for those for that 
[1:10:46] for for using an MCP MCP server okay okay okay let me slightly give a although we have a proper sessions on MCP server in the following weeks Okay, what is MCP server? It's just collection of tools. So there are two words that you need to understand. Okay, again we are deviating from the topic but if that is what you want to hear because codes you can run. I completely agree which means at the end of the session I'll 
[1:11:17] assume this to be done. Okay. uh the problem that MCP solves that you have to understand first is you have the application and then you have tools application means your agents fine so application can have five agents or five different applications having five different agents anything so let's take some numbers so five applications or five agents 
[1:11:48] and there are 10 different tools which are being accessed by these five agents in five different applications. So the way you use each of these tools in each of the five applications which involve those agents is different unfortunately. So the same copypasted code will not work. You have already written codes for uh creating these agents and the applications. And now you also have to write down you know integration codes okay for each of these 
[1:12:20] 10 tools in each of those five applications. So 5 into 10 is like 50 blocks of code you need to write down. Mhm. And code is also not reusable because each agent has a slightly different use case unfortunately. Okay. So that is the amount of code base you need to you know think of or maintain 50. So MCP says that okay if tool is a tool why can't just every agent use it in their own way number one 
[1:12:51] because ultimately the aim of the tool is it is meant for a specific task anyways let's say if you have a tool called a screwdriver okay everyone will use the screwdriver in one way only at max what will be different maybe the length of the screwdriver will be different okay so small small settings might be different But if you write down a complete integration code for these small smart settings also okay that's not intelligent way of doing things and anthropic in November 2024 realized this 
[1:13:25] okay that people had already started creating agents and they were writing enormous lines of codes for integrating multiple agents I'm talking about November 2024 okay where they launched this MCP saying that okay this is not going anywhere in in the sense uh this is only going to increase the complexity of the overall application which people are going to create. Okay. So they wanted to create a standardization routine protocol model 
[1:13:55] context protocol at the end it is a protocol hypertext transfer protocol HTTP it is a protocol transfer uh you know so anything which ends with a protocol internet protocol okay uh TCP so protocol means following a standard so what MCP is enforcing is boss if you want to write down a tool Why don't you follow these steps, these guidelines, these instructions so that 
[1:14:25] the same tool is usable by millions of applications without modifying any code, any code, literally any code. It's like a USB plug and play. Okay, I want to use a mouse, fine, I'll insert its USB and start using the mouse. I want to use a printer, I'll use the printer's USB in my port is same. Okay. In the same port you are entering the USB's uh uh USB for the mouse or the USB port for the printer or USB port for 
[1:14:55] some other maybe the uh you can say my pen tablet. Okay. So in the same port you are just inserting multiple devices and that's why it is called as universal serial boo because all of them are following the USB protocol. Okay. What if the printers are having their own protocol, mouses are having their you know own protocol, then how many ports your laptop will support that is not possible, right? So since all of these devices, terminal devices are following a single protocol. It was possible. So they came up with this 
[1:15:26] model context protocol with that philosophy that okay any person who is writing down tools okay will adhere to these protocols so that their tools are easily discoverable. number one and number two they can be easily integrated and number three they are safe and secure. So these are the three four basic requirements of creating the tools but who is going to create the tools and where the tools will run. So obviously the tools are going to run on a 
[1:15:56] different platform. Okay the tools are going to be served and run in a different platform that is and that platform is called as your MCP server let's say. Okay. So maybe I can take a simple example. Let's say AWS also has a MCP tool and that is created and maintained by AWS guys. How is my agent to uh how is my agent going to leverage that tool in simple 
[1:16:27] natural language? Okay. So my agent says give me the list of all the EC2 instances in the so and so account. That's it. The query went in the form of a natural language. It's not going as a AWS CLI command. It is not going as a AWS boto3 command. If I had to fetch the same using a Python code, okay, I had to write down a proper boto3 code to get the list of EC2 instances running in my account. Do you guys agree? 
[1:16:57] And every time I write down that account, sorry, code will not be consistent because this is all generated by the LLM. LLM will generate sometimes right code, sometimes wrong code, buggy code and that is not consistent again. Okay. So the requirement was to fetch the list of EC2 instances in the natural language. My agent will you know fire that query to AWS MCP server. The query goes to the server. Server decides which tool to use internally. Server decide which tool to you are not 
[1:17:29] even calling that tool exactly in most cases. Okay. Can we think of it as a an API gateway or something? I'm trying to relate it to in one way. Yes, it is a API gateway. In one way, it is a API gateway because once the query goes to MCP server, server decide which tool to execute and for each of those tools they would have written a well- definfined code which will uh which they are going to execute at their end. So that is safe 
[1:18:00] and secure. Okay. And then whatever the output they get after the tool execution at their end. So tool is not even executed at your end. Let me make it clear. Okay. So it is done at the server ends. That is why we call it as a MCP server. Server hosts the tool. The guys who are writing the MCP server, they are writing the uh you know all the tools. You are application developer. So you are going to act as MCP client. your 
[1:18:30] IDE, your application is a MCP client and your queries are being fired to MCP tool. Okay, MCP server which will host all the tools. So, uh think about a database in your company. Another scenario, okay, database in your company, let's say orders database, there could be accounts database, there could be transactions database and so on. Now your agent needs to have access to those tools sorry those databases. Now the database access usually happens 
[1:19:03] via tool. Once again you can just uh you know ask chat GPT to write down a tool which will create a SQL query. So ultimately what is this tool? This tool is nothing but it will create a SQL query to connect to that database and execute the query and fetch the details. that that's the exact thing what this tool is going to do. Okay. So tool is like a wrapper over the SQL query ultimately database connection and a SQL query. Now the SQL query could be written by an LLM in real time or it 
[1:19:35] could be a predefined query also. Okay. But it is all going to be written uh and maintained and managed at your end. Okay. uh if you are writing this tool. Okay. Now without MCP server what will happen is there is every chance that a SQL injection can happen because your LLM is writing the code for the S uh SQL query and if there is not a proper guide guard 
[1:20:07] railing okay because of you know SQL injection or many other reasons okay there could be destructive operations happening on those servers who will take the responsibility. So now you want to isolate that server completely from the application because application code was writing the SQL query. See the problem earlier the application code which is your agent ultimately agent has got a LLM. So that agent's LLM is writing down the SQL 
[1:20:38] query. Okay. Ultimately and that is getting executed via some tool. That's it. That tool is nothing but connection to the database query and executing that query simply at the end. But the brain is still the LLM of agent. So instead of doing that, okay, let each of those database operations be wrapped into a standard SQL query which has been verified by an expert and 
[1:21:09] served as a tool. So on top of it there will be a model maybe LLM something who will understand which tool to execute that's it okay which tool to execute means which SQL query to execute basically okay because each tool is mapped to a well- definfined SQL query which has been verified in that case now your agent has no exposure to your database to your database related code database schema also it doesn't need to have because now the problem earlier um if you want uh this to 
[1:21:42] implement without MCP how will it happen your LLM agents LLM who is writing the database query also needs to have idea about the complete schema of your database otherwise how will it write down a SQL query if it doesn't know what table is there what columns and fields are there it will write down some generic SQL query which is useless okay do you really want to expose so much information to your agent is the question so a lot of safety security things are there Okay. But now those 
[1:22:12] guys who are writing down the tools, they have isolated it completely. You just tell me what you want. We will figure out how to give it to you. That's what they are saying. Same goes with Zerodha. Zerodha also has launched the MCP tool. I want to analyze my portfolio, right? So if I do an in a nonMCP way, I will literally write down Python code to fetch all my holdings. Zero already exposes this API. Okay. to uh your colleagues and everything right so in all these cases you are providing 
[1:22:43] all that data to the LLM and again there could be a lot of issues so you just provide that in a natural query to the zerodha API the zerodha API will execute some tool and provide the output of that tool execution to your agent which will be taken by the LLM and then the further analysis will start so that way you are isolating the end objective so as a application builder Now that headache is gone. You just have to find the right tool. Find the right person who is serving the tool. Person means the 
[1:23:14] server because similar tools are available. So for example, if you go to GitHub tools, please come to this crew. We will discuss this MCP in the last session. We have a dedicated session on that class. No, these people are not interested in learning crew. That's what I feel. Yeah, there are people those are interested. Uh I think yeah we we definitely want to learn about crew AI as well. Yeah because there's nothing much to do as someone has already commented. So this is just running Python code. So no uh there is a query like why we 
[1:23:46] prefer QA against Langro from Prula and Ramag. Uh there are comments let me see. Okay. Um, oh nice. So we have the comparison semantic kernel hstack. Yeah, hast stack that was. So that is mostly for searching and rack u. So this is a quick comparison of lang 
[1:24:17] chain for best integration complexity autogen multi-agent reasoning. Yeah, autogen is at least uh having some capabilities where you can go with more complex tasks u multiple steps and so on. I mean I can truly see a replacement of langraph in autogen but again we cannot uh get mastery on two agents at that level. 
[1:24:51] So just knowing at a superficial level is still useless. Okay. So if you want to master just select one of them and master one. Problem with autogen is it is completely tied to a AW sorry Azure ecosystem. So you'll have to run all your codes on Azure server. The if you have some use case where you don't want to get you know vendor tied then autogen is not something that you are looking for. It's better to still go with lang chain and langraph. Even cria is still better in that and it's a lightweight multi- aent. Yeah, I think it's uh 
[1:25:22] written already low complexity enterprise fit is less. Okay. And I'm already taking the uh the best framework it seems uh from the comparison here. Autogen yes only problem with autogen I have already mentioned that is a Microsoft product. Okay. Completely bad by Microsoft. So you have to be aware of that nuance. Uh 
[1:25:52] whereas this lang chain lang graph is more community supported. It is open source no doubt. Till now we have not been getting into any trouble. So autogen has been upgraded to AG2. That's also what I have uh seen and acha. So what are the other commands? When do you prefer 
[1:26:46] screw? we are different in angro that's what we just discussed uh so maybe just to recap uh crewi is all role based you define who the agents are and what should they do okay lang graph is workflow based you are defining all those workflows in terms of graphs as you have already seen so how the data flows via these nodes and edges that is the main concept in lang graph and uh state management ment in crewi 
[1:27:19] there is one more follow-up question that is managed automatically by the framework uh as per my understanding and if some agent needs to have some exclusive access to what the previous agents have done you are anyway passing that as a context right so we did that somewhere Um yeah this context that you are providing 
[1:27:49] additionally h that is the output from the previous. So you are binding this back to back. This is the way whereas context and state management that is explicitly defined in terms of the state class and you are updating all that manually after each of the node updates sorry node executions. Correct. Uh what else what else I can think of? So maybe one analogy I can give uh further 
[1:28:21] is like Kai is like a film director you can say which tells the actors their roles and what they perform what script they want to you know recite. Whereas langraph is more like a what software architect maybe you draw the exact circuit board of what every piece of data must do must go I mean that's like more complex yeah so what this is probably what I 
[1:28:53] understood from crew AI is there are agents who has who we give the special role and uh role and details right and then task where we assign the agent so that the agent can perform those task is that correct? Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Okay. So I mean if this is like a interview based question what is the 
[1:29:24] fundamental difference between CRUI and graph or sorry lang graph maybe you can directly say that is the philosophy of uh orchestration. Uh CUI is role based completely like managing a team. Okay whereas langraph is graph based like you are designing the entire workflow in such a case. So workflow designing and orchestration is what is uh the langraph's core capability. So workflow since you're designing the workflows the 
[1:29:56] workflows can be any complex and any branches uh any deep any levels. Okay. That is where the langraph can really shine good. Okay. Uh what else in the comments? Let's see. Aa. So we have this 
[1:30:32] comment by Mohammad. MCP is a specialized program that bridges models with external data sources and tools system as standardized protocol. Yes, correct. It allows AI to securely access files, database. So, yeah, I had given that example of databases. Uh, it can be also local files, no doubt. APIs and applications such as GitHub, Slack. Yeah. So, to perform actions and provide contextation. So you really don't have 
[1:31:03] to write down codes to access any of these platforms like Slack, GitHub, even for example in GitHub actions are there making a pull request, merge and so on. You don't have to write down a git bash code. You just give that query in a natural language. Okay, that query goes to the MCP server of the GitHub and GitHub will execute that tool the right tool to perform that action. So all that execution is done at the GitHub. So the result of the execution is given back to 
[1:31:34] the agent. So that is the common philosophy in MCP. Okay. So any more questions on CUI before we go ahead and finish this? So is that last statement very clear about the philosophy the way we just saw the role based versus graph based clearly that is the thing. 
[1:32:19] So but still I mean um if you want to uh convert any langraph project into CUI I I don't know is that even wise to do but uh some of the initial projects where we simply used API calls with these models and simpler tools can be done no doubt but uh if you have lot of branching merging routing those kind of logic if you want to implement in CRUI that could be a bit 
[1:32:51] tricky. Maybe CRUi is supporting it, but I have never preferred to use CRUI for any of those complex workflows and logic. Frankly, as long as the task can be clearly defined, the role can be clearly defined. You better make individual agents for each of these tasks and roles and implement this in way. That's best I would say. So um so 
[1:33:22] they are not intersecting in terms of the kind of applications and use cases. This is also understanding uh this understanding is also important. Okay. Not every place we can replace with langraph or langraph with CUI. But of course lang graph is a much more evolved one. So anything of this sort can directly be done in langraph anyway. It might be a bit more complex 
[1:33:54] no doubt but this can be easily done in langraph I think. So okay uh there are some tables coming up mostly these are good abstraction high level low-level so abstraction means basically you don't have to go into the low-level code uh your codes are all so agent generation is all handled by this task and agent 
[1:34:29] See that's the meaning of abstraction. Behind this lot of codes are going which are uh you know orchestrating this agent. Okay. So this is the meaning of abstraction in our langraph case. Why is it low-level? Because you built the entire agent. So there the entire agent is the workflow. That entire graph is what you are calling as a agent. And that graph you build from scratch. every single node, every single node function, every single router, router functions, 
[1:34:59] even you built the edges, connected the nodes and edges. So that is why it is being referred as a low-level, right? What else? Um, yeah, this is more like a team or organization chart where you have multiple people with different roles and they can be assigned atomic tasks. You do this, you do that. This is like a single state machine. Fine. Learning curve is easy. This is steeper. Now it will be easy because we have already 
[1:35:30] spent so much time on lang graph. So this will definitely be easier. Now flexibility again. This is tricky to comment. Fine. So let's come and finish with this. Uh after we have defined these agents, the next uh step is to define the tasks where uh what exactly you want these agents to do and more detail with clear crisp instructions about the 
[1:36:03] description of the task and a clear deliverable okay for each of these tasks. So what is the output going to look like in what format? Okay, everything has to be clearly mentioned in the expected output in this case. And also which agent you are going to map for that particular task. So we have the content strategy, we have the LinkedIn. Okay. And then we have Twitter, 
[1:36:35] Instagram. Yeah, these prompts are slightly changing but mostly you know what it is. So using the content strategy provided write Instagram caption there is a format for the caption and then requirements are there and also the description clear CTA to save this post. CTA's call to action for people who are not aware. So call to action means what 
[1:37:05] you want this post to achieve. Okay, you want people to click on that, comment, engage. Okay, so that is the call to action. And here is the output. Instagram caption with emojis, CTA 20 to 30 hashtags. Again this half stacks is the one which will make it uh discoverable and maybe trendable. Okay. So this is the important one. This 
[1:37:37] is the one who is going to create uh the social media images. Okay. So based on all the social media posts created by one of these three or any of these three agents generate one highquality social media image that can be used across platforms. um professional, modern, uh you can provide all these okay um 
[1:38:08] themes I would say you can ask your media team, creative team to describe how they normally describe the creatives. So you can get all these descriptions from them or you can get this kind of a description from charg also easily. Okay. So that is done. I just use chargity to create this kind of a description because it's not possible for everyone to write down this kind of details. Okay. So requires lot of creativity inherently 
[1:38:41] and probably I'm not that creative. And here is the expected output. I want image to be generated with the prompt and uh this is the agent who will be assigned this task context again. So this agent will be triggered or you know instructed by one of these three. So the output of one of these three will go to this agent. That's the meaning of context in this case. So this agent will receive the final uh you know 
[1:39:12] deliverable about the topic. Okay. and the content that will be discussed in the post from one of these three agents. Fine. So this is done. So all the tasks are defined. Now we'll bring all these agents and task together. So that is the last part which I was talking about. You have to bind them together and that is the crew that you are creating. Okay. So these agents 
[1:39:43] execute their task after one another which is so in a way you are creating a flow here. This is like creating a soft flow already. Okay. So first the agent sorry content strategist will take and then it will give it to one of these three or all three maybe and then finally it will go to this. So this is like your mental model but uh it's not going to be exactly in that 
[1:40:13] So you can think this more like a pipeline only ultimately this is the one who will receive all the inputs from the user and more or less it is going to flow in that order only left to right and these are the tasks for each of them one by one you have so this task order must be same as this okay now this is the part which is important if you say that process dosequential then it will holistically follow the same sequence sequence. Okay, 
[1:40:45] clear. So you are actually going to implement uh the same sequence of tasks as it is mentioned in your lists. So verbose true. So as each of these agents are executing their outputs will 
[1:41:16] also be displayed. That is the whole idea. What are the other processes which are possible? Again uh you can have uh hierarchal that's like more of a corporate model. Okay. When uh you want to have something like a manager. Okay. uh yeah I think you can have something like a manager and then you have uh sub agents which are like workers you can 
[1:41:47] define a manager LLM to be different than the worker LLM okay which is usually the strategy the manager LLM can be something like opus 4.6 six which is one of the latest models and the worker LLMs don't need to do lot of brainstorming they just have to execute the well- definfined tasks so they can be powered by you know smaller models or lesser cheaper models let's say okay so manager will uh maybe look at the list of the tasks which has to be 
[1:42:19] performed and decide which agent is best suited for each of these tasks and we'll also review that work send it back for revision maybe. So this is a hierarchical process that you can create. So in that case the you know keyword would be um you can say instead of sequential that would be what is it uh hierarchal. Okay. So other options 
[1:42:51] uh R H I E. Okay. And uh if I remember well there is one more option uh that is called as but is that released? There is more like a consensus so consensual process 
[1:43:25] something like that but that may still not be publicly available. It was still experimental on send process in freeway. I I just need to be sure if yeah it says still it is planned. So last time I had checked it is still in the planning stage. They are trying to implement it. It's still not out in prod. So the two options that you 
[1:43:57] have is this sequential and hierarchal right. Uh okay. So right now this all will be processed left to right. As I said if you want some example of a hierarchal maybe I can uh give you another project which can do this. Okay. That will help you to visualize. Yeah. 
[1:44:27] Uh okay. What else? Fine. So we have created the crew. Uh this is like your complete uh orchestrator you can say. Okay. Uh if you remember our orchestrator was land graph graph. We used to invoke that graph. So here instead of invoking uh we use the word kickoff. So that is the equivalent word for COI. So this is your complete graph mentally. I mean 
[1:45:00] that's the equivalent here. This is your complete graph. And instead of using the word invoke, we would use the word kickoff in this case. Right? So whatever topic the user is giving and that will start getting okay. So launching content creation pipeline. Um so here is the topic how AI powered personal finance assistants are transforming saving habits for millennials in India. Let's say there 
[1:45:32] can be some topics. So if you have some topic suggestions you can put it in the chat. Maybe we can run it also and see. So let's see how things are going. Uh so you can see create execution has started. This is some ID. So task has started. Now this is all coming from your orchestrator uh content strategist. Okay. 
[1:46:04] Then it goes to the social media one by one. So this is the social uh social media content strategist. Okay. So this is a topic. We have got key message target audience segment. So this is the output. You can see this is the output we have got from your social media content strategist. Okay. Final answer everything in green. 
[1:46:35] So what is the key message or angle we want to convey? Who is the target audience? What are the platforms we are going to create that post for? LinkedIn, we have Twitter, we have Instagram, we have Okay, that is done. Now the workflow or the pipeline 
[1:47:06] has triggered. So this task is completed. And now the new task has started. So this is for the LinkedIn. Yeah. So this was uh what uh the next agent in the pipeline. H so LinkedIn had uh started final answer. 
[1:47:36] This is the content we have got from the LinkedIn agent AI powered personal finance assistant. Here's what we have discovered. India's AI ethical use over you using technology. Good. So task is completed here. 
[1:48:06] The next one will take up task completed. Next one will take up 259 characters which is for the Twitter 267 characters 261. Okay. And this is the final answer we have got for the tweet. So three iterations it has made it seems. Okay. 
[1:48:40] Mhm. After the third iteration we have got this task has been completed and finally the Instagram has got triggered. This is the output from Instagram. Okay. And then finally your content uh visual content creator task has started. So one by one all three creatives will 
[1:49:13] be created. So this is the prompt which has been generated by the model. Uh would you like to view detail execution traces? Aa so it is already timed out. I cannot reply on that. Uh okay. So this is the social media content package which has been created. 
[1:49:46] I'm just displaying that output in the string format. This is the final compli uh compiled output from the and now one by one I am just pulling these images which have been saved here. So sorted globe dot generated post post image. So one by one these will be 
[1:50:16] sorted in the uh timelines. Basically you can see the date time is there in this order I think 636 806 848. So in that order it will be generated. Yeah. So latest image minus one. So this is the final latest image I have printed in this case. But you can 
[1:50:50] display each of these images one by one. We can do is 
[1:51:21] let's put a for loop and display all these images in. So for image in image files Please. 
[1:52:02] If that works. Yeah. So, this is the first one. This is the second one. The mobile phone seems to be quite elongated, which is not natural. We have to this is VT. So people from Mumbai already knows this. I'm pretty sure that is the image 
[1:52:35] in the background. How many? We were expecting three. What is the third one? It is overritten. I don't know this three. Okay. By two. 
[1:53:07] Okay. Now it will be three. So this is the last one. So those were from the previous iteration. So first, second and this is the third. This is much better. Of course, the mobile has been blown up. Fine. And now we are just uh 
[1:53:38] printing the individual tasks. Okay. Uh tasks for the content. Okay. This is the strategy part. Content direction. LinkedIn. Yes, content direction. Twitter. So, it has given uh the visual and the content direction and also the prompts probably for the images to be generated overall tone for each of them. 
[1:54:10] Key summary points and this is the actual LinkedIn post. Okay. This for the Twicker and this is for the Instagram. These are the hashtags. So unfortunately hashtags. Yeah. Yeah. I think they are already quite good. Hm. And that is a visual design prompt 
[1:54:40] that we have used to generate each of these photo realistic 3D premium illustration image features professional. Okay. Uh this is for the healthcare domain second campaign. Let's demonstrate that reusability of the pipeline for a completely different topic. So essentially it's the same nothing new running the entire pipeline for a different topic. So why healthcare insurance for gig workers is the next 
[1:55:11] big opportunity in India's insurance market. Fine. So it doesn't take too much time. I mean if you see we are generating three very high quality images along with API calls being made to these models 
[1:55:44] full execution number 12 started this is Instagram already. So one reason is probably we have used the GPT 4.1 which is not reasoning because 30 to 40 seconds itself are spent in reasoning most of the time. Okay. So without the reasoning probably that is one reason it is faster. 
[1:56:22] Okay. So similarly I think let's see what we have got here. And just copy that for loop and see one by one. So this is the execution trace. 
[1:56:59] You can check this entirely or maybe that was for the AI the last one. Yeah, this one is for the health insurance. Correct. the campaign number two. 
[1:57:29] Yeah. Okay. So, let's see what else is there. Uh you may want to generate images out of the pipeline. So, this is one code you can use to iterate on multiple images. Okay, which do you want? So this is a direct prompt. So let's say you are satisfied with the text part but not with the images generated. Okay. So that is the scenario here. So 
[1:58:01] maybe this is fine but the image generated is not fine. So how do we create images out of the pipeline? So these are the things you can change. You can change one to 1.5 and you can also get these images done. 
[1:58:37] another image. Now these are all different different styles you can say modern minimal illustration style, clean white background, pastel colors. So you need to be aware of these kind of keywords. Here it is. Warm natural lighting, shallow depth of field, teal and gold color accents, professional brand photography style, no text overlays. 
[1:59:08] Okay, so this is still clipped. Although the size of the mobile phone looks fine, but this is clipped. So you can probably change this prompt a bit. Okay. Or we can do is download this give it to charg tell them that because every time I use this prompt I get a image in 
[1:59:38] which this is flipped. So you'll have to create a proper image with the screen looking at the you know professional and the camera angle set in a way that the screen is also visible not the back side of the screen something like that you'll have to probably provide anyway so this is done we can take a small break and after the break we'll continue okay with another project on 
[2:00:09] UI. Okay. So, if you have any questions in the meantime, I'll see them, but take it after the break. Okay. Go for my dinner. 
[2:17:17] Okay, so everyone is back. 
[2:18:16] So, here is the link for the next one. 
[2:18:50] Okay, there are some questions. Can it show us image of workflow or other graphs like mermaid diagram? Someone already generated it seems. Yeah. Yeah, it should be possible. Only thing is we need to get that in the proper prompt format. Okay. 
[2:19:23] So where's that image? Uh that image is not there. Wet uh prompt generation to include celebrity. Okay. Anyway, uh I've shared this notebook. Please let me know if everyone can access this. So, this is the next uh one. 
[2:20:02] Okay. Nice. 
[2:20:34] You can start with the installation in the meantime. So this is fully working. I have checked. It should not be a problem. I think the results are also saved. You can refer if you don't want to. execute it right away. 
[2:21:06] Okay. So let's see what this project is all about. So this is a AI powered you can say competitive intelligence and deal analyzer for sales teams. 
[2:21:53] Yeah, this is very you can say practical hands-on uh quite textheavy. There are no images generated in this but it uses multiple uh agents with real data processing you can say. And this is also going to be very useful for sales and marketing teams. 
[2:22:23] So anyone who has a direct interest in this project. So for the previous marketing one, social media marketing, I got one vote about this. So, Vanguard Health Solutions B2B SAS company that sells AI powered claim processing and fraud detection software to health insurance companies, hospital claims and third party administrators, DPAs across India and Middle East. So, the challenge that we are going to 
[2:22:54] solve here is the sales team receives more than 200 inbound leads per week from different webinars, white papers, and demo requests. In the sales development, a representative team manually researches each lead company, scores their fit and drafts personalized outreach emails. This can take almost half an hour per lead. Uh quality is inconsistent. Some leads even get generic 
[2:23:24] templates, others do not follow at all. So solution is can we build a multi- aent crew pipeline that automatically enriches raw lead with company intelligence scores and qualifies leads using ICP that is ideal customer profile framework and identifies main pain points specific to lead industry segment. drafts hyperpersonalized outreach emails tailored to each of these lead 
[2:23:54] and produces a consolidated sales brief to these representatives for review before sending impact. So the overall lead processing time reduces from half an hour to almost 2 minutes. That's a 92% reduction. Improve email response rate 3x through better personalization. You don't have to always use the same template for all of the leads and also ensure zero leads fall through these crack. Okay. So that 
[2:24:25] is the overall objective. Maybe you can take another minute to go through it. Assimilate this. So this uh solves a real painful problem in a way. Okay. is SDR spending 25 minutes per lead manually researching companies and writing emails in a this pipeline will automate that pipeline down to 2 minutes with 
[2:24:58] better quality output and that's the exact use case. I don't know if you remember the name of the Crei founder Jao Mora. If I remember the name. Let's see how you G A O N J A O A O. Okay. Um something like 
[2:25:32] that. M O U R A. So this guy is CU AI's founder H. Are you sharing your screen? We cannot see. Uh we cannot see the screen. Okay. We see the cloud. Uh this is 
[2:26:05] Yeah, this is I thought you were sharing Zomara. Yeah, this is screen. Yeah, this screen. So I was just searching for this name. Okay. Right. 
[2:26:38] uh this guy. Mhm. So he had made this kind of a pipeline originally. Okay. So this is a inspiration from that you can say. Overall learning objective let's see one by one quickly we have yeah of an hour let's say so we want to design a multi- aent system pipeline overall you can say with specialized roles we'll have researcher 
[2:27:08] analyst strategist and copyriter most importantly we'll be forcing them to follow a proper pattern using these pantic and also custom models for data lookup chain tasks with context passing to So that is also what we have done for the previous agent. Um and also save the outputs for downstream tasks that can be ingested into the CRM systems and you can run this pipeline for a batch of leads to demonstrate how the 
[2:27:41] production readiness is there. Okay. Uh structured outputs using output pantic and output JSON. So this is something Yeah. So this is something new uh that we are going to discuss in this because this is how you are forcing the models to follow a specific output and we have 
[2:28:14] been doing this in langraph right you already know yeah tools that is uh same as in previous and task uh you can see along with the context output file parameter. So this also we are going to see for the first time. Batch processing you can run the same crew multiple times for different inputs. So this is like running a for loop for the entire crew 
[2:28:44] and doing many things parallelly. Okay. Uh setups creoi openai and pyantic. You'll need the keys imports directory for saving all the outputs. Synthetic leads. Let's generate some synthetic leads for analysis first. So imagine that all these leads are coming from some CRM system could be HubSpot or Salesforce 
[2:29:14] and some marketing automation platform. Uh again could be market or HubSpot. Um so for this lab we'll be simulating this kind of a database. So this is again generated by a model but more or less you will uh I mean these platforms will also follow the same pattern. Everything is in a JSON format which can be directly ingested into the CRM systems. So they 
[2:29:46] heavily follow the JSON format and that is what we're also seeing here. Uh let's say there is one company database uh medi first insurance coming from the healthcare insurance segment midm market employee count annual revenue some numbers are there and current extract this is what they are following some recent news items and these are the main pain points which are being u solved by 
[2:30:19] sorry main pain points which these companies are facing likely uh high claims processing turnaround time 14 days which is bad 3 to 4 days is acceptable I would say fraud detection is getting done manually regulatory compliance is also increasing their headache so decision makers uh some madeup name and uh again similarly second lead this is the third lead sim fourth lead so we have got these five leads Okay. Then uh 
[2:30:52] these are the simulated inbound lead Q. Okay. So Rajes meta is again coming from med first if you notice the name. Okay. So this is the sequence you can say see to title company email then the lead name lead name. So this is all about the leads uh simulated and these are about the company researched information you can say. Okay. So the leads are coming from these people and u 
[2:31:24] the sales representative will search for the name of the company and understand their business model what they are doing currently how they are doing what are the pain points so this is the kind of research output the SDRs are doing manually right so for now I have just given both of them back to back and Uh there is also a engagement score for each of these leads if you see. Okay. 
[2:32:00] Um company and leads no both are there. Uh one is both are separate. They don't have to be sequential. One is a company database which these uh SDRs are researching and uh manually doing uh all that research and uh coming up with leads is something which they are directly getting. Okay. So some lead coming from name here 
[2:32:31] as Rajesh Ma. So lead will not directly come from the company. Okay. So these details are researched details. Okay, once the lead is coming, they know which company they belong to and now the company is researched. Okay, where is the source of the lead? Source is coming from webinar that they might have done. Okay, so similarly another lead name coming from the demo request website. So since it is a demo request via website, 
[2:33:01] so lead engagement score would be very high in such cases. Here they have already attended your company webinar. So here also the engagement score is very high and they have also failed some notes. Okay. So definitely the likelihood of conversion is very high for these people who have directly interacted with the company representative or indirectly maybe with their website and so on. Okay. So leads are dropping uh at so this is the front face you can 
[2:33:32] say of the leads and this is directly given to your SDRs. they do the research and come up with this. I hope that sequence is clear, right? Okay. So, we are just printing these four companies and four leads structured output. Uh now we are forcing all the outputs. We are going to in fact uh use the pyantic model to enforce the data 
[2:34:03] contracts between these agents. So you can see these are the field names. What is the name of the lead? Company name uh fit score between uh 0 to 100 qualification tier is there like hot, warm, cold, disqualified. Okay, where they stand in the engagement, buying signals, potential risk or objections that they might be having. These are all strings, okay? Nestb action for the SDR. So mostly people from the sales and marketing they would instantly 
[2:34:34] understand what these are. So this is all for the lead scoring. Okay. And uh the final reasoning brief explanation about the scoring rationale. Okay. All these are going to be the scores in different aspects you can say. And second is the structured output for painoint analysis. So what is the company name? What is the primary pain point? Number one pain point. What are the other couple of more pain points? How is the company called as this 
[2:35:06] Vanguard health solution going to solve their problems? What is their value proposition which fits into their pain point? Why are they even going to pay for it kind of things. Okay. Estimated ROI that is the business impact essentially and where these solutions currently fall short. Okay. So these tools simulate real world integrations a CRM lookup. So we have got the data and the pyantic models and now we are going to create tools which will be used by our agents. So one tool 
[2:35:37] is the company intelligence lookup. Now right now uh this is being looked up in the company database which we have created here. But this can also be a web search tool. Okay. So just imagine this is a database but uh instead of this madeup database this this could be a real uh static data. Yeah, this is a static database no doubt but this could be a real database also. In that case you will have to write down more codes to connect to that database. If I mean you want to really have that kind of a 
[2:36:10] project uh maybe in the next session I may I do have one end to end CUVI project which really connects to our SQL database although present locally but again the time needed is much more um so we cannot do that in this remaining time maybe we can take up in the next week because tomorrow's session we have is the deployment so next week we can take it if uh I'll just discuss with the team they have to allow me one additional session for that but okay so if you want 
[2:36:43] to make these production ready then we can have tools which are web search and tools which are really connecting to live databases as well we haven't done that also in langraph langraph we have done the web search tools extensively we have used it but databases we have went connected so maybe we can have one project where it connects with the live databases. I actually wanted to do that using MCP. So now again that's going to be repeat okay 
[2:37:16] because that is the exact discussion we had in the first half an hour 40 minutes 45 minutes that is the justification I was providing. Okay so if you want to do it directly without MCP or with MCP I mean so I had a plan to do it along with MCP. So if you can uh wait for that uh that would be nice. I mean let's do it with the MCP if that is fine instead of you know just doing it directly because that 
[2:37:47] is how the production ready systems are moving towards okay no one is going to use the live database tools now all these live database tools are wrapped within these MCP servers. So why not directly take it uh with MCP itself. So that will make it more realistic and production ready. Yes, I am seeing already some feedbacks. let's do it I think uh uh in the MCP because I have that plan in my mind anyway to do it 
[2:38:19] with MCP because that is where the real use cases of MCP is not just doing static uh API calls right that we can anyway do it or we have been doing it using all these agents but MCP has to connect to some real data okay otherwise you know the whole glory of MCP goes off I mean that's my honest opinion Okay. So I think then next week we'll start with MCP and take those database 
[2:38:50] related projects there. Is that okay? Fine. Uh there is a question defined structured output models pentic. Uh which part? Which part? This part are you talking about? Right. Define structured output models in T. Yes. Okay. Uh 
[2:39:23] can you talk about the risks? Uh see problem that we are solving in this and this is not the first time we are doing padentic. Almost this is the fourth week we are doing padentic. So pidentic what it aims to solve is let's say one agent is giving output to another agent just imagine that scenario agents output are ultimately LLM's output LLM's outputs are not deterministic 
[2:39:54] whatever temperature you set although it is going to follow your instruction maybe 90% of the times but even once it does not follow could be any random reason, never know. Then the output is not in the format which can be directly ingested by the next step in the pipeline which is probably the next agent. Now that agent was expecting the input in a specific format which the previous agent failed to add here. Then what will happen? the 
[2:40:27] pipeline will break because it then since the format was not followed this agent will get confused or maybe we might have written some additional code based on that expected output that code itself will again break because those fields are near not there. So in pyantic there are fields and when we are trying to access some of the fields let's say in the router function also we are accessing the uh state agent state and from that agent state we are uh you know retrieving some of the fields. 
[2:40:58] So if these fields are not present in the output then the router may fail. The next step of the processing in the pipeline will fail and so on. So your entire pipeline goes crashing. So to solve that problem we have to somehow force the LLM to provide their outputs exactly in some format and that is the whole idea behind pyantic. So pyantic also has a input validation not just the output. So this is the output validation which will be done no doubt 
[2:41:29] but if you want we can also have input validation to these uh functions that you want to write for LLM's input validation makes no sense because LLM can take any kind of input. Okay, whether it is structured, unstructured, whatever it is, but let's say if you have written a function, any custom function, okay, which is going to be a part of the tool call. So let's say here you are going to create a tool and this is a function. Now this function is expecting the input in a specific format. Okay. Now this is uh the company 
[2:42:01] name has to be a string in this case or in some other case it has to be a number. What if the number is wrapped within a string? So that enforcement that the input has to be a string and the output will be also a string. This enforcement is also coming from pyante. Okay. And this is more important for tools especially because uh again this function will otherwise fail to execute right. So tool call is nothing but the function execution. That's what we have 
[2:42:31] been seeing in the last couple of weeks every time. Okay. So tool call means function execution. there is a function which has been wrapped as a tool. So if the function is not getting the input in a proper format, the function will fail to execute. So that is where the input validation also becomes important. Okay, the output is automatically handled by the function. So output is not a constraint here. Constraint is the input itself and that you are giving. So for each of these tools that we have created, you can very easily see that I 
[2:43:02] have the name of the parameter which the tool takes and the format in which let me zoom in slightly. Yeah. Is this making sense? So these are the parameters this tool will take and for each tool pantic is enforcing a data type. So this has to be the data type otherwise the tool call will fail. That is exactly what we are trying to imply. This tool will not execute. Okay. If the tool execution fails, whatever the agent 
[2:43:34] who is accessing the tool will also fail. Okay. Now to adhere to this, whichever agent is using the tool, that agent will have to follow that pyatic schema. So again back to the same thing. So if the agent is following these schema let's say automatically the tool will tool call will be you know uh taken care of because these inputs are going to be given by these agents only or these schemas you will be pulling up these values and 
[2:44:04] putting up here. So, LLMs are not going to give the input directly to for the tools. Okay, you will be reading these somewhere. Okay. And then providing the values here. So, that is the whole idea. So, can we control prompt injection before LLM call that we will do towards the end? Not now. We will not necessarily complicate this okay for now. But we can do that all the input validations output 
[2:44:35] validations that is more like uh implementing safety security for that we need a lean clean project not a complicated one where the focus will be entirely on setting up the guardrails. So there is a guard rails uh hands-on that we can plan uh yeah if that is one requirement maybe we can plan a guardrails hands on I mean that is something which I do very regularly so we can plan but then we'll have a very lean and um I 
[2:45:06] mean small agent project so so the agent will not be the focus the focus will be to break down the LLM both for the input and outut effort that is where the focus would be. Okay. So, one has to be very clear. Okay. So, yeah, I think Okay. So, this is a tool. Sorry, this is a tool which will look up for the company intelligence. Right? Now, this is static uh data which is being fetched. Okay. But, uh this could also be powered by your web search. Okay. Or 
[2:45:38] a proper SQL uh query tool. This is for the lead engagement. Again, this is looking up in the leads. Okay, so the lead name is the input here and we are trying to find the lead engagement scores, the lead names. Okay. And then this is a tool for ICP scoring calculator that is your idle customer profile that is a fit score based on some formographic and engagement data 0 
[2:46:10] to 100 that is the qualification tier. So all these information is needed for the calculations and these are all the calculations. You don't have to understand all of them but that's all about the use case. Okay. So at the end uh this function is going to return a string and uh that string will be yeah a JSON dump ultimately. Okay. Uh two levels of indentation. So this is a JSON dump which will be output and that entire JSON will come out as a 
[2:46:41] string. Okay. So these are the custom tools. One is for company lookup just as a summary. Second is um lookup for the lead engagement and that will you know talk about the behavioral engagement data and the third one is the uh ICP score calculation. Configure yours whatever you want to use. Again uh for analytical jobs you can use a much better 
[2:47:11] you know LLM you can say uh who is doing all the planning reasoning and stuff and for creative I think 4.1 minutes is good okay and also you can control the temperatures no doubt so this is the one who will do the email writing part and this is for the low creativity analytical part the these are the agents which are going to be used. One is the lead researcher who will search for the company. Second 
[2:47:42] is the qualifier who will verify and uh you know score each of these leads. Third one is a painoint strategist. Uh this is the guy who will map the company challenges to the product value proposition. These products are going to come from this company Vanguard Health Solutions. And outreach copyriter is the one who is going to draft personalized email to each of these leads based on all the analysis done by the first three agents. So here we have all these agents one by one. So lead research specialist 
[2:48:13] who is going to take those two tools analytical LLM. Okay. And uh the second one is lead qualification analyst tools calculation of that ICP score. And the third is your painoint strategist. Okay. Uh it doesn't have access to any tool but it knows about the company information and so on. And the fourth one is the copywriter. Uh it has just the LLM which is the creative LLM now. And uh no tools needed because 
[2:48:46] the LLM itself will draft that entire email. Okay. backstory uh for each of them. You can just check tasks form a sequential chain. So once again we are using a sequential chain here where each task receives context from the prior one and the final task is your email writing. Okay. So this is a pipeline that we are going to create end 
[2:49:17] to end. So there are the four tasks one and then two and then the three and then the fourth task and now we are going to return a sequence of these tasks. So this is the pipeline which will be returned by this function. Okay. So you can just check these tasks uh we have already seen. So the lead name, company name and then expected output agent is your researcher. Fine. Um 
[2:50:05] yeah. So this is the second task. it gets the context from the previous one called as the lead qualifier and output. So this is the thing which I wanted to show you. Okay. So here the previous one doesn't have but the second one. Can you see the lead score this is your pantic. Okay. So lead score we saw earlier right? This is the name. I was just scrolling up to check what is the exact 
[2:50:37] name. Yeah. So lead score and the other one was painpoint analysis. So lead score has to be in this format and the painpoint analysis in this format. So the task has that mapping. If you see this task has the painpoint analysis and the lead score. So this is where you would map those pyic schemas for the output pantic here also output pantic fine and uh expected output is anywhere here 
[2:51:09] and here the output has to be in the form of a markdown file it's like a markdown file company name that you are providing MD is a markdown format and that is also written here okay that the final output will be in the markdown format and the output file name is clearly mentioned. Okay. So once that is done uh lead one hot so you are running it for the first lead and for all the other leads you can run it using a for loop. Okay. So 
[2:51:40] lead number one creating a pipeline and you are providing the name of the company and the name of the lead for the task one. Just provide the task one for the crew one. Okay. And everything goes back to back. So agent has started and see all the outputs. Personalize email copyright has been made. So this is the final thing which is going to the uh yeah so this is the final thing which is going to go to the end lead client you 
[2:52:11] can say. So hi Rajes congrats on M first IDI approval an impressive 32% growth my first 14 day. So you just talk about the company what they are doing good congratulate them good good strategy to build trust I would like 15-minut call over the next week to make sense to explore how this could fit and I think Vanguard also should be there account executive and 
[2:52:42] then the HDR notes are also there yeah so this is how it goes yeah this is what I was checking so Vanguard's AI powered Auto education uh sorry adjudication has helped insurers cut claim processing from 14 days to 2 days improving this 300% while detecting 95% of fraud attempts plus compliance dashboard simplify uh here it is uh reporting and easing the regulatory burden of the ops teams 
[2:53:13] super so I think we have it quite good so if you want to run for the all others acha you could also read it from here and all you have to do is just use a for loop and run it for the others. Okay, so this is for a second one and uh this is the final output that you have got for the second one. Yeah, this is for Fatima and uh similarly if you want to do a batch processing you can also do that. 
[2:53:44] Okay. So task three. So let's uh process the remaining two leads to demonstrate how the pipeline handles lower priority prospects differently. So the email CTAs and strategies adapt automatically. So here we have the same agents. Okay. Tasks process dose sequential and true. So back to back this will be processed all of them 
[2:54:15] and uh three yeah and four. So all leads the final dashboard use a for loop. This is what I was trying to tell you. Use a for loop and you can do all of these back to back also. Okay you can go through this. I think this is the final tracking. So Vanguard health solution de pipeline dashboard for each of these leads title engagement and this is the action that we have proposed in that email in short. Okay. 
[2:54:49] So this is again a simple Python code not a agent or anything. It is just the orchestration of that crew that we are doing back to back. Okay. So we have saved all those outputs. Here we are just reading those markdown files. Okay. and populating this table. But you could also run uh all those uh crues within this for loop itself. That is also possible if you want. 
[2:55:20] So here we are just pulling out all the uh tasks okay from that pantic schemas and from there we are constructing all the required fields to put it in this uh data frame. So this is everything in a markdown format. Okay, this is all in a markdown format. So this can be see this display is currently coming in the markdown format. So you can 
[2:55:52] modify this to display it in whatever format. Maybe a standard Python data frame could be result could be returned. That is also possible. You can create a standard data frame. Right now the result is coming as a markdown which is what we are printing there. Fine. 
[2:56:24] Okay. Uh list all the generated output files. So here are all the files which have got generated. Uh these are the files four markdown files for each one for each of these companies. GFK TPA, Healthbridge, Med First, uh Quick Start, sorry, Quick Cart. And these are the emails also for one of them. I think display one of the 
[2:56:57] right. Yeah. So, glob is the Python library by which you can read multiple files in a given directory. So, you just have to provide the directory and you can also provide the file path uh sorry not the file path um extension. So, you can say star MD. So, it will only read the markdown files. In this case, email star means it's like a wild character, wild card or wild character, right? So all the markdown files which start with email 
[2:57:28] underscore all the markdown files which start with email underscore only those files will be read H. So where are all these files? If you see here sales output so these are all the markdown files. Let's download any one of them. uh download. Let's read how this file looks. Okay. 
[2:57:59] Uh okay, this is how it has come up. This is a raw markdown. So if you want to look into a proper format, all you have to do is control shift V. Yeah. So this becomes a preview of that markdown. Control shift V. Uh or it would be commandshift V in the Mac. 
[2:58:31] So this is how the file is. Okay. Email we have and uh the SDR notes and this is for internal reference. Okay. Of course uh for follow-ups. So lead tier and score hot ICP fit 96% engagement score is 92%. These are the key talking points when uh Mr. Arjun Kapoor is going to go for discussing um in person they would be having these 
[2:59:03] notes ready right so claim auto adjudication reduced turnaround from this to this call center reduction is there supporting scare so on potential objections and rebutals so this guy is already mentally and probably physically prepared to handle some of these things which can come up potentially So it's a very good way to you know be quite prepared. So this may not be very comprehensive analysis but we can uh 
[2:59:35] modify the prompt to make it more comprehensive as needed. I mean uh to view any of these markdown files you'll have to go for uh VS code or windsurf cursor any of these ids you can use. Open this markdown file in any of these ids and uh do a control shift v. So this is how the raw markdown looks and uh in the preview mode is control shift v. That is how we view the markdown files. Okay. So I'll just 
[3:00:11] conclude now. Uh so this is more like a production grade lead qualification and personalization outreach pipeline. But again if you notice this is still very much uh quite deterministic. Each agent is running backto back parallel execution kind of a thing uh which is happening. Okay. So and uh no complex workflow no back and forth between the agents. Okay. Uh those 
[3:00:44] things are not happening anyway. 
[3:01:15] Okay. Any any any questions? Production environment. How are these agents going to work? What is the trigger to kick these workflows? That is what a very good question. Okay. How you are going to integrate with the existing pipeline? So normally there is a RPA team who knows and has access to these 
[3:01:46] systems. Okay. Uh one thing that can be done is you can send so let's say let's say I'm just giving a high level idea. So if this agent is deployed on a small EC2 instance okay just a thought. So this would not need much resources. So t2.m micro or small is also good enough or maybe this can be deployed on a serverless lambda function also doesn't 
[3:02:16] matter. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I think it can be done on serverless lambda function also. Okay. So somewhere somehow I would say h we need to keep watching the CRM system. there has to be a kind of a watchdog uh or a zap also you can put okay such that the moment any fresh lead comes in again I don't know whether you want to 
[3:02:46] do this for each and every lead but uh definitely there should be some way to filter out those leads because for each lead if you want to run this end to end pipeline that would be pretty costly so could be some filters but okay Let's discuss it that way. So some way to trigger this has to be there. Now this can be done by using some uh Zepier automation 
[3:03:17] because all these CRM heavily support Zepier automation. Okay. So that Zapier automation can be connected to this or maybe a Python code which is continuously watching your CRM API via some sort of a web socket. Okay. So if the CRM API allows for some web socket or some API, there is some Python code sitting on EC2 instance which is periodically running. Maybe even that is possible. Okay. So you can set up that automation using event bridge. In AWS 
[3:03:49] there is something called as event bridge. So periodically periodically means every half an hour a lambda function triggers which will check for the new leads in the CRM. Okay. So step one every half an hour or 1 hour let's say a lambda function triggers this could be Azure function also triggers which will uh pull the last or latest leads which appeared in the last 1 hour. Maybe dduplication of the leads will happen uh 
[3:04:20] because there could be some leads which just came in at the boundary of that R. So dduplication and then once the leads are there then this entire pipeline gets triggered by another lambda function maybe. Yeah or maybe in the same lambda function you can uh provide this as well. Okay. But there has to be a way to continuously monitor. Now that can be done as I said by a by a Python API or whatever API the CRM system offers or a web hook uh or maybe some Zapier 
[3:04:53] automations there has to be some way okay otherwise if this CRM is operating in a silo then it becomes very difficult then manually someone has to keep on feeding uh Excel sheet so imagine that uh Zapier if you are doing let's say then Zapier here is uh pulling all these leads and filling up a row in a Excel sheet which is much easier to track. Now the Python code can easily keep reading that Excel sheet Excel sheet or a Google sheet imagine. Okay. Or maybe a Excel 
[3:05:24] sheet in a sharepoint whichever this has access to. Okay. And once a new row has appeared that means the pipeline should get triggered. So the output of all these files maybe can be stored in a S3 bucket. This could also be stored in a S3 bucket or this draft email could be given to the respective uh SDRs. So if we have the details of the SDR maybe and their email uh here in the leads who this is 
[3:05:56] going to. So for example we have the source but similarly along with the source we can have the sync I mean the SDR details also. So from those details we can draft and directly share that email to that SDR who is going to do the follow-up. But again I don't know uh whether the SDR is actually going to do the follow-up or maybe some other. So that's the tricky part. But at least all these files can be stored systematically. Um 
[3:06:27] maybe for every hour there can be a folder created. So um once someone uh you know logs in they can actually see hourly uh outputs. So from there they can download go through this and so on. So I mean this still may not be end but output of this can be connected to a Gmail API and a real email can be shot to whoever is going to take that lead forward for the discussion. But yeah 90% 
[3:06:57] of the workload is already there initial integration and the lower uh part where it actually is distributed across multiple people in the follow-up pipeline. So that I don't know every company will have their own strategy and depending on how many people are doing that actual follow-up meetings that part will be integrated by the end uh you know team I would say but the 
[3:07:29] main job of the AI people is to create the pipeline which is already there. So some automation needs to be done always so that you can trigger all of these agents whether it is a langraph agent same story will go. So it doesn't matter whether it is CUI or Langra but this question is relevant for any agent for that matter now because if you want a end to end real end to end automation it has to connect with some of the existing systems in any case. 
[3:08:11] Okay. Will human in loop to verify 100% automated or no control? That's a good idea. Uh if the human is involved uh obviously we have got the 90% work done. So this male is not yet shot directly. So this is where the human review will start. This guy called as Mr. Arjun Kapoor will make some modification and then give it to the uh sorry shoot this email to Patima. So semi-automation can be 
[3:08:43] done in a sense this entire email along with the follow-up SDR notes can be directly put to the draft of Arjun Kapoor email. So Arjun Kapoor logs in into their outlook goes through the draft that okay I've got so many emails which I need to send but since it is in the draft mode he will actually physically go through each of these make whatever changes needed and then shoot that email. Okay so that can also be done. 
[3:09:14] I have done that in fact. Okay. So putting it to draft mode is the best idea because again otherwise copy pasting needs to be done. That's again but in that case who is going to shoot that email that identification is very important here that may not be clear right now that indeed it is Arjun who is going to uh you know visit all these guys or the company will dynamically assign based on the availability. So our draft email has been put at a central place. Now the other follow-up field 
[3:09:45] people who will visit the clients they can visit that S3 bucket or from where they can access all these files and then take up their leads for follow-ups manually. But of course the email has not directly been shot. Uh if you want to integrate the email API a better idea is always to put it in their drafts. Even that's what the Gmail does, right? Gmail does not directly send. It will give you a refined version of the email that you have written and just keep it in the 
[3:10:17] draft itself, right? You will have to manually send it. That's how they are designed. Is it possible to share these files? Yeah. Yeah. So, I need to download all of them as a zip. Upload. Upload. Upload. So one by one we'll have to download or uh there has to be a way better way to zip I think we'll zip Good. 
[3:11:09] Okay. What happened? 
[3:12:21] going to send but that is stupid. Okay. Anything else? How about ClickUp? ClickUp. Uh I've not used frankly ClickUp 
[3:12:55] in terms of CRM and using that as input. Maybe we'll have to So, ClickUp is your use case. Uh H. So, why don't uh you do it this way? um 
[3:13:28] go to chart GPT and probably take this Jupyter notebook as a input and ask it to modify for uh ClickUp. So do clickup uh does click clickup also have an API. So I have used lead squared uh very extensively. Okay. and uh I have also built this lead scoring model and deployed that in production. So these are some things which I have personally done with my 
[3:14:01] team. So we have been using lead squared. So that is something. stupid. I'll just manually download this. Uh, this should have worked because No. 
[3:14:33] So, there were Hold on. Hold on. Yeah. Ch. Finally, we got it. Except I'll just save this so that once you refresh, you will have it. Okay, congrats. Fortunately, it worked. So, this is the output. 
[3:15:10] ClickUp integrations. web hooks is what I was interested in by which you can keep monitoring. Okay. Uh by triggered automated workflows through. So this is one way you can do it. Check if these guys also have a MCP. Quite likely these guys might already have a MCP server. 
[3:15:42] Okay. If that is the case then uh your headache becomes very easy. Maybe every 1 hour Python code will trigger that MCP server for getting the new leads you can ask it to do the filteration with date time or something and once you have the new leads as a JSON file or something you can now trigger your remaining part of the pipeline. So that can be done. Yeah. 
[3:16:17] Okay. 
[3:16:50] Okay then uh we'll meet tomorrow. Uh for me it's tomorrow for most of you it would be same day in the evening. Okay I need to take some rest. Thank you. We have a very early morning for me. Okay. Thank you everyone. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.
