
[0:25] Okay. So I think the last time we were doing the open AI agent builder. Okay. So again let's check what is the status and readiness rather. So, were some of you able to get the open kit uh started at your end? 
[0:57] Did you try or was there any success? Yeah. 
[1:42] Okay. At least uh you have been able to explore some of the agents. That was the main thing I wanted to hear. And were you able to also evaluate uh I mean evaluation will need you to verify the organization. That is what I had clearly mentioned. Okay. 
[2:37] Yeah. Yes. We tried that. Okay. Okay. So, let's go. And uh so one one thing we have I know Prashant is a common or any permissions or something access missing when we are saving like you know draw our from scratch we build our copied version when 
[3:08] we want to go back and look it was not showing in our uh list that one um so that will go in the drafts if you start duplicating it. Okay. So, let me just show you. Um, yeah. Is my screen visible? Yeah. Yeah. So, normally when you uh click onto the templates, you can open any of these. Okay. And when you uh create or 
[3:40] start modifying it, automatically it gets saved drafts. So it may not have a name but that is usually what comes up. So if you have let's say query database using national language or document comparison internal knowledge assistant let's say if I click this one okay and I can start modifying okay so but before that I would strongly suggest you to you know provide a name to it because so on the top uh you can actually also duplicate this. Okay. So 
[4:12] this is as you can see in the draft mode on your top left. Can you see that's that I I think you asked us to create project also right? uh even we created somehow the drafts it's not showing even I like u uh not only the evolution mode I try to publish also and still it's yeah under the drafts it's not showing and there is no draft option itself that is where I thought to you know check with you in this there is no draft altogether this is 
[4:43] strange if you see I can also duplicate this and rename this the moment you actually click on any of those templates it by default starts with a draft. So I have no idea what is uh so you see this was the draft which we just see this screen I am there Prashant do you see those three options workflows drafts and templates now only only other reason just hold on only other reason is uh can you see your project make sure that you're in a right 
[5:15] project you might have created the template in a different or accessed in so what I'm trying to say is if I change the project this entire screen will be different Now you can see there's no draft and workflow because that was created in a different project. So if you created your draft in a different project and browsing a different project later you will not be able to see. Can you see there are no drafts now because I changed the project. So the moment I come back to the right project which is my default in this case then I 
[5:46] start getting the workflows draft and all the templates. So this would be the second reason why you are not able to see your drafts and the workflows. If you are saved then it goes to the workflows. Saved means you publish it before publishing everything will still be in the draft mode. But the moment you change the project folder okay so if you're not browsing the I mean you are creating all these agents in which project let's say project ABC or default project. But 
[6:17] while you are browsing the project XY Z now you can see when I'm browsing the a different project all the agents which were created for a default project are not visible so that could be one reason I will retry I try I have only two projects default and then both I don't see but again I will try and otherwise I'll send note so as I said uh I mean the moment you click on any of the templates it immediately gets copied to the draft So this is the one which I just clicked. It 
[6:48] gets immediately copied to the draft. Okay. And then on the top right there are three dots. From there you can actually rename it. Okay. So let's say this is your triage agent. I'm just giving some name. Okay. And you can see the the name has changed and you can also instantly start evaluating it. Okay. So if I just go back now you can see in the drafts this triage agent is there. So unless I publish it. So the moment I publish it, this triage agent will move from draft to the workflow 
[7:19] model. So on the right side, can you see the publish button? The moment I publish it, okay, if while publishing, I can put some version numbers also. That's what I usually do. Okay, so I start getting some uh you know IDs and all that that we will see later what to do with these. Okay. Uh but now you can see this shows a live mode. And if I go back to my workflows, this triage agent is now visible. That's how things move from template to drafts 
[7:50] to the workflows. So these workflows are published and all of them have some ids, workfl ID attached to them. Okay. So we'll see towards the end what to do with these workflow ids. But uh this is how you can copy any of the templates. Click on any of these it automatically gets copied and then you can also resume working from uh the drafts as well and once you publish those draft it goes into the workflow mode right so that is how it is okay so there is one agent 
[8:20] this is version four probably we will create um okay and then we will advance to the version five of this. Okay. Uh this is the version that I have. We can I'll show you how to create this from scratch. Okay. Uh and of course as I mentioned uh in the last session also I probably may not wait for others to do it right now. Okay. I expect that you 
[8:52] guys follow the recordings and uh try this out at home. Okay. Uh from the recordings. So this way I'm sure that you would have tried number one and once you have tried you will get some doubts issues support team is there to help you out in all these cases. Okay and um we can at least finish this a bit faster. So that's the idea. Okay. So the reason to finish this faster is I'll be able to take another agent 
[9:23] followup enhancement of this agent. Okay. So that will also really be very helpful. Fine. So let's get started. Uh I see that some people have also tried NA. Yes. Good. So how do you create this? I'll just go to agents once again. Uh so I'll just go to um create. So this is the button. I'm just starting from scratch. Okay. So 
[9:54] this is what I have. I have the start button. So this is going to take the input from the user. Okay. And then I have the agent. Okay. Now this agent you can see uh 
[10:48] Okay, let's continue this way. Yeah. So on the right side you can see uh this agent but again this is just a moment just see what is happening. window. 
[11:21] Okay. So, problem is the zooming of this platform. When I try to do a pin zoom, that clashes with the zooming of the platform which normally we can control by using the scroll button of your mouse. Okay. So scroll in scroll out this is happening from the uh you know mouse scroll button and uh there is additional pin zoom which is anyway possible okay 
[11:55] from your uh browser okay so they are conflicting anyway so this is what I get if you want me to increase the screen size uh this should be good okay for Hm. So when I click on this agent, uh this is like your LLM integrated already. Okay. This is like your LLM integrated already. So let's do one thing very basic very basic 
[12:25] without doing anything. I'll just click on end and simply connect them. Okay. And here you are a helpful assistant. answer the user query. Okay. Uh in polite professional tone fine uh include chart history important uh you if you want to change the model that is fine. Uh ship it 5.2 that's 
[12:58] okay. Reasoning effort low, medium, high whatever you want or even extra high. Some of these tools for now we will skip. Output format is a normal text. We'll see how to create JSON and widget formats. And uh verbosity means how long outputs you want. So medium, short or high. Okay, that is a verbosity of the outputs. Summary uh let it auto summarize the chats. And if you want to display the chatkit uh response. So this is like uh internal debugging messages. 
[13:29] Okay. Show the progress. These are all internal de debugging messages. So if you want to show these internal debugging messages then you can click them on. They are already on. Okay. Or if you want a neat uh user interface you can keep them off. Write to conversation history. Yes. Uh so that you can ask follow-up questions. Okay. So maybe uh I can just go ahead and uh start this agent. So there's a uh you know play button at the top. Okay, if 
[14:01] you can see there's a play button at the top. I'm just clicking on that play button. So that will take the agent from uh code mode or you can say the build mode to the deploy mode. Okay, let's see. I can ask some questions. So what is United Nations organization? Let's see. M so I'm directly getting some response if 
[14:32] you see I'm directly getting some response internal thought process and those things are not printed yet okay and at the end I'm getting something uh in fact this is obtained because of the end branch that I have set if you don't want to end that is also fine okay but with this I'm actually able to Okay, I think I closed it. 
[15:03] I'll be able to get a run ID and from there I can also trace back. Okay. Um let's see. Same thing. And if you just zoom out uh you'll also see what are the steps. So as these blocks are getting executed, these blocks are also highlighted. You can see. So I can ask some follow-up questions. When was it formed? You can see I can ask follow-up questions. 
[15:38] Okay. So is India a part of it? Let's see. So now it is able to understand what does it mean. Okay. Because of the conversation history and you can see as the blocks are getting executed they also get highlighted. Okay. So I'm getting the answer that yes India is a founding member 26th June 1945 when it came out of four. Fine. So this looks good as of now. Okay. Now uh the only change that I will do is I'll 
[16:11] rerun this and just to show you uh the agent when I click more and these three the kind of outputs you will get okay the progress messages show search resources and all that if if you are enabling the search web search tool then this will also be shown display the response in the chat anyway that is there. So now let me again go to the evaluate mode ask the same question and now let's see what we get. 
[16:47] Okay so pretty much similar because there is nothing much in this frankly. Okay maybe the other agents that we will create uh there you will see the better trace. So there's not much to change in this or difference in this. Okay. So we'll keep that to the default. Don't worry. Also, if you want to trace uh all these API calls, you can see whatever API calls have been made. Okay. In the last 5 days, 1 day, you can just select this number. Okay. So all these can be 
[17:17] traced by using the evaluate mode. Fine. So you can click on the workflow start. Workflow start will give you the uh all the input. What was it and what was the output? Fine. And then from there you can go to the next part. The agent. What did the agent reply and how much time it took to create that reply? What was the you know API? So this is your post. Uh now there are two types of rest APIs uh 
[17:47] you know communication method uh post and get. So this was a post message you can say. Uh you can see all the configuration model configurations used top p response s text uh total 300 tokens were used. This was the actual model ID. This was the response ID you can see and uh system instructions are there. Now you can see this system instruction this part was already there. This is the part which I added later. Okay, this was the user input and this 
[18:19] is the final output which came from the entire system and then the workflow ended. So you can see each part and you can trace it exactly end to end. Okay. So that is the meaning of trace here. Okay. We didn't have to write down any additional code and we get the entire trace exactly. Okay. Fine. So for now I'll just close this. This way you can actually track the each and every agent response. The only problem that might come here is 
[18:49] if you want this agent to also uh do a follow-up question. Uh okay. So let me just end this here. Okay. Uh you can how do you delete this? So if you click on the node uh or basically this line click on this line if you want that is called as edge. So remember that this line is called as the edge. we will use the same word same word in line graph also. So the lines or the connectors are called as edges and these boxes are 
[19:22] called your nodes. Okay. So remember this line I'm clicking on that line and uh if you want you can inspect it or you can actually delete that. So that deletes the connection. So I'll just keep that for now. Uh okay what I'll do is I'll add uh another agent let's say and this agent gives output to this agent. Now, okay. Now, only problem is if you try to directly connect this start. 
[19:52] Okay. Let's say if you directly try to connect this with this, it may not be possible either here. You see, which means direct branching is not possible. Okay. uh if you try to directly connect it here you can see either here or here it doesn't work so which means how do you pass the user input back okay so one way is let's try one way is try to connect the output 
[20:23] of this agent to this agent okay and I'll again just end the conversation so two agents back to back I'll just rename them okay so let's call this agent as uh classify higher aging. Okay. Uh in this case, let's say that you will uh uh you know categorize uh the 
[20:55] you can say the query. Okay, you can categorize the query as I have saved some of these responses. Let me just to save time. H okay. So this is my categorization prompt. Okay. Act as customer support agent trying best to categorize the customer query and it will be one of these. Okay. Just return one of these 
[21:27] from the above. Okay. Now let me just copy this much part of the prompt. If you want you can try this if you are trying this. Okay. But uh don't worry. Okay. So this is the I'll share this entire text file with you. Don't worry. Okay. So I am just pasting it here. This is my this is my classifier agent. This is your query classifier. So query classifier agent. You can see this is my 
[21:57] query classifier agent. And after query classification, the output goes to another agent which will classify the sentiment. So let's call this as sentiment classifier. So here this is very clear. Let me show you what is the prompt. Act as customer support agent trying the best to categorize you are an agent for the AI products and hardware company. So we want to categorize this as technical query or billing query or general query. Okay. So we are just trying to see the overall behavior how it goes and uh from there I'll also 
[22:30] discuss one small problem okay and then I'll give you the highle idea about the project that we are going to create right now I haven't given you that idea I know it just follow uh whatever I'm doing as of now okay and uh so at this point of time I just want this agent this is not technically an agent I'm just making a llm call it's just a plain API call which I'm making So it will take the user query and just classify the user query as technical or billing or general. That's the only thing which 
[23:01] I am expecting. That's it. So I have clearly mentioned return the query name only one from the above. And let's save this. Now another agent which I'll used as sentiment sentiment uh classifier agent. Let's see. So for this sentiment classifier agent, I've got another prompt. Okay, let me see. This is another follow-up prompt. So, act as customer support agent and uh you have to analyze the just show you 
[23:36] have to analyze the customer query and you have to classify the customer query in exactly one of these three either it is positive or neutral or negative and you have to just return one of these three sentiments from the above. So, okay, I want to classify and uh also return that value. Okay, let's end this. Okay, now let me start going into the evaluation mode. Let's see what happens. Okay, so let's say uh 
[24:06] how can I access the past invoices? Okay, let's see what happens. Now it is going to the classifier agent query classifier then sentiment and then it shows as neutral. Okay. Uh this shows as neutral this shows as billing. Okay. You can see I've got neutral this as billing because uh the query was about the past invoices. So basically the same query is 
[24:39] passing here. The same query is passing. And how do I know I know that the same query is passing because uh if you open any of these blocks see point I'm trying to make is this guy although you did not directly connect this to the start say this is the one which is capturing this is capturing the user query now that user query is passed on to this and from here I got 
[25:10] the classification as billing Okay. And then I connected that agent to another agent which is my sentiment classifier agent and that recognized this as neutral. But the query is being classified as neutral not the output of billing that is what we have to understand. Okay. And how do I verify that? Okay. There is one way to verify that. Okay. Let's say I am frustrated. 
[25:43] Your product does not work. I want to return it. Let's see what happens. Okay. So reasoning uh it's billing and negative. Okay. Uh your product does not 
[26:16] work. Somehow this is still showing as billing. Maybe that was a general query. That's okay. But at least it is able to figure out that it is negative. Which means this cannot be the sentiment attached to the word billing. Okay. It is the sentiment attached to the actual query. You can see in the reasoning here also the user is expressing frustration since the product doesn't work. So basically that clearly shows you that the sentiment analyzer agent has direct 
[26:48] access to the query. How? I'll show you. But I have not directly wired it. That's the important thing you have to understand. Okay. So without even wiring the query is flowing from one block to another block. Okay. And that can be explained you can see leading to a desire for return. It definitely returns uh it's a negative tone. So my conclusion is that the sentiment is negative. Fine. So let me just close that and uh let me show you 
[27:20] here. So here if you see include in the chat history. So that is the one and here also I have seen include in the chat history. So it is because of this include in the chat history. Okay because of this the chat history has everything the chat history has what the user has asked and what this agent is outputting. So both the things are included in the chat history and when you include both of them in the chat history that chat history is automatically passed on to the sentiment classifier agent. Now this sentiment classifier agent is able to access that 
[27:51] chat history and from that chat history it picked up the customer's query clear and that's how it was able to give the sentiment fine although you have not explicit explicitly passed on. So this is not directly joined to this but because the query is included in the chat history. Okay, the query is included in the chat history. This uh customer classifier agents output is also there in the chat history. Okay, and this output is also 
[28:23] there in the chat history. I mean this is all working very nicely. Okay, now this in principle is working. Okay, I'm able to you know classify the customer query. I've shared the both the prompts. Okay, and uh I've shared both the prompts. This is going to classify the customer query. This is going to you know provide the sentiment for the customer query and the workflow is ending. Okay. Now there are some nuances which cannot 
[28:53] be handled by this 
[30:47] Okay. Uh am I audible now? I don't know. Zoom crashed and then came back. Okay. So, this is the question I was answering. How reliable these agents? Uh and can we do all this draw stock trading uh uh and uh technical analysis? Basically, answer is yes and no. uh it basically depends on the prompt and one agent may not be able to do all of it. So maybe you uh will need to follow some steps. I'm just giving a high level idea. Maybe the first agent will 
[31:19] download all the OHLCV data. Okay. And that data will uh maybe where does it download it from? Maybe your trading view or broker API whatever. So that will connect to trading view or broker API. collect all the OLCV data whatever time frame that you wish to and then that will give to another agent in the system prompt you have already mentioned that you are going to calculate all the EMA values MACD values RSI this and that VWAP ADX okay so that agent will 
[31:51] probably calculate all these values based on the previous agent's output which is uh maybe a data frame of OLCV values and then the third agent will analyze these numbers So that's how I would do it systematically uh rather than trying to create a single agent which will try to do too many things. This way I have a better visibility and I have a better control. So if I just want to change uh the broker API, I'll just change the first 
[32:21] agent because the second agent will still analyze, third agent will sorry the second agent will still calculate the technical indicators and the third agent will still do the analysis the same way. Okay. Or if tomorrow I want to add a new indicator, I don't have to touch the first and the last agent, I just have to change the prompt in the second agent. So that is the way I would do it frankly. But in principle, yes, it is doable. Your design of the agentric system is very important in such cases. 
[32:52] Okay. Reliable of the numbers. Uh agents are ultimately powered by LLMs. LLMs can hallucerate numbers. So other way you can do is you can have a Python code which calculates these uh technical indicators and use those Python functions as tools attach it to your agents. So for example now you are saying calculate EMA fine. So there is a 
[33:22] tool which calculates the EMA. Now that tool is actually a Python function. So technically what is happening is wherever this agent is deployed okay a python function gets executed it really calculates using pandas functions whatever sci functions scikitle learn functions whatever is needed okay and real calculation happens rather than lm telephonated numbers okay even llm can do that in its own sandbox these days these are a bit much more reliable compared to uh last year or 
[33:55] previous years Okay. So these days they are much more reliable. That's what I have seen. Okay. But if you want to be 210% sure then uh don't outsource the calculations to these models. Models are supposed to only do the analysis. Calculations are supposed to be done inhouse isolated sandboxed environments. So you can write down your own Python functions. Attach those Python functions as tools as you can see here. Okay. So in your tools you can have own Python function. Can you see there is a local function option here. So that's what I'm trying to say 
[34:26] and then uh the agent will know that okay to calculate EMA I'll use this tool to calculate VWAP I'll use that tool to calculate RSI I'll use that tool to calculate MACD I'll use that tool. So that's the better way if you really want to be sure about the numbers. Uh can we change the format of the output ji? Yes, that we will do. Hold on. Okay, I'll show you. Right now all the outputs are string. You need to have a reason to change the output. So if I just simply show you it is possible. It doesn't still make sense. I'll show you 
[34:58] with reason. This is post method to LLM AP. Yes, that's what it shows from your uh traces. If you yes uh top P top K okay let's not technically discuss that this is out of the box question Mary okay so out of context question I mean this is not the right time to discuss all that maybe if time permits towards the end I might discuss in last 2 minutes just remind me but most likely I would encourage you to 
[35:30] you know search for the answer on charge JP easily because that's very technically uh you know a technical question uh top p and top k uh so that is for the model not exactly the agent reuka uh top p top k is how do you manipulate the behavior of the model while generating the output okay 
[36:00] sampling that's basically controlling the sampling Okay. Okay. How do you add this agent to the start step? Uh I think Arenuk I have already mentioned several times even last session. Okay. Please do not try to do along with me. Focus on the learning here. Try to do all these things later. Okay. So I'll not be able to wait for your pace. uh if you miss out on any of these steps. 
[36:32] Uh fine. Uh Mary is asking I gave this one there was no call back from the customer and I'm disappointed it classified as general. I don't know. So maybe disappointed classified is as general means what? Yeah, that's should be general. that is not related to billing that's not related to technical so it would be general that's correct sentiment would be negative 
[37:06] so there are two different things happening you are not uh don't mix them okay so query classification is general query and sentiment wise that would be negative I can just show you that uh that should work at least I'll just copy so in principle this works as of now but uh now okay so it's negative and uh that would be general so that's correct 
[37:38] right uh some people are asking about the tracing again go to the evaluate mode you can see the traces okay there is a evaluate button from there you can see the traces all these. Okay. So workflow uh this each of these agents you can click on this and you can see what is the input what is the output for these agents 
[38:09] along with the reasoning for each of these steps how much time did it take okay for each of these steps milliseconds this and that so everything you can check okay so this part is done and uh now only problem here is okay the only problem here this if I want to also you know pass some other variables or store the outputs for later reference 
[38:40] okay it will be difficult. So for example, for example, here this guy said, this guy said the output is general. Okay. Uh output is general means the query classified was general. But I never saved that general as a variable to be accessible anywhere later. If I want to apply some rule or logic based on the output of this agent, 
[39:10] listen to me very carefully. Okay? If I want to apply some rule or logic or routing based on the output of this agent whether it is technical or billing or general, okay, that cannot be done because what has happened is I am not technically saving it as a variable. It is being saved in the chat. So as long as you are passing the chat throughout, it might work. I'm using the word might work. How reliable? I don't know. Okay. So idea is can I actually save this 
[39:44] output as a variable in this entire agent state. So there is a concept called as agent state. Okay. Agent state is like a whiteboard in which each agent will update whatever it has seen and whatever it has done. Okay. So all the outputs of the agents will be updated in the agent state. Okay. So here the output is uh one of the three values. One of these three values will be the output. So can I save this in some agent state? Okay. 
[40:17] Similarly the sentiment here the sentiment would be positive, negative, neutral. So can I save this in reagent state? Answer is yes. Okay. So let's try doing that. Okay. And I'll show you the obvious benefit. So the problem that now I'm going to solve here is um uh agentic rag system. Okay, I'm going to create an agentic rag system in which based on the customer sentiment. Okay, I'll just show you the 
[40:49] highle rules how it goes. Okay, if you want you can write down these rules somewhere. Uh so the query will get sentiment analysis. So sentiment analysis this is our agentic rag system which we are going to create. Okay. Uh so query will be analyze analyzed and based on the sentiment analysis I will have two options whether 
[41:22] okay whether it will be positive or neutral or it will be negative. If it is negative directly escalate to human escalate to human and end that is the graph I am going to follow but if it is positive or neutral then in that case okay in this case then I want to apply a router like a if condition okay if you see I'll use this if else okay I'll use this if else 
[41:55] router okay so if If it is a if it is billing query, else if it is technical query, else if it is a general query and there would be else also. Okay. Or maybe you can delete this else and make this as else itself. Okay. uh else means it will be automatically 
[42:27] your remaining case which will be your general so will design however so based on based on based on the query classified so here I'm going to do sentiment classification somewhere in between I'll have to do a query classification okay so somewhere in between here I'll do a query classification here I'll do a query classification so query classification I will be doing somewhere here. Okay. So once I do the query class 
[42:59] classification these are the three options I get and now I'm going to invoke three different agents. I'm going to invoke three different agents these three different agents. Okay let me just uh draw that part here. Okay. Uh I don't have space on the right side. So these are three different agents. Okay. Agent one uh let's say billing agent, technical agent and general 
[43:30] agent. Okay. So I'll just write down the block names. So billing agent, technical agent and your general agent. So now these agents will give you the reply. Okay? And that will go to end. So all of these will reply and finally go to end end block. There will be another end block. Now before replying it will fetch the relevant information from the rag system. So I need to have a rag system a 
[44:00] vector database. So let's call it as a vector database or a file search facility. Okay file search facility. So all of these three will be connected to that vector database. So before replying it will fetch the relevant documents from the vector database and then use that to augment the LLM response and finally end the overall cycle. So let me repeat once again. So the user query comes up here the first step. Second step I do a uh 
[44:32] sentiment analysis. Okay. So if the sentiment is negative directly escalate to the human there will be a block called as human escalation and from there it will directly go to end. Okay. So that is the uh 3 4 and 5 that is one otherwise if you see this is one branch the other branch is this where I'll be going on the other side if it is 
[45:03] positive or neutral what the query analysis okay sentiment if the query sentiment is positive or neutral then this is your new This is your four uh sorry this is your four where the query classification happens whether it is billing query, technical query or general query. And then in the fifth step okay one of these three agents will be routed. So this is my router essentially. This is my router. Okay. And then sixth step is here. One of these agents will actually reply 
[45:33] based on the evidence retrived from your file search or vector database and then it will go to end. So this is the process. Okay. So 3 4 5 6 7. So there is another parall thing happening. So at one time either this branch will trigger or that branch will trigger because no sent no query will have a sentiment which is positive and negative simultaneously. Correct. Or neutral or negative simultaneously. So either this branch gets triggered. Okay. Or that branch gets triggered. Okay. It's it's 
[46:06] going to be one of them. Plus now I have got a router. Okay. Here is my router. Okay. So, this is the overall architecture I'm going to create. And if you want to see this at a high level, I might have already shown you. Uh I'll just create this at a high level. So, I'll just show you this is already done the agent number version 4. Okay. So, here if you see I start the giving the query. Now, the agent state what 
[46:37] does it do? Actually I told you that uh we can store additional variables which is available to all these agents. Okay that are going to subsequently access these variables like variables could be user query variable could be the sentiment attached to the user query. Third it will be the query classified and there can be many things more. Okay. the output of the previous agents can also be stored as a variable which can be captured by the 
[47:07] other subsequent agents. So the reason to store it explicitly is the format is conserved because you are storing it in the exact format. If you let's say the format of the previous agent was a JSON format. So you can actually assign the value as a JSON format directly. So it will be saved as a JSON format or a dictionary format or a list format. That data type gets saved and preserved. All these values are anyway available in 
[47:38] the chat history. But chat history is a you know text blob. There the variable type gets lost. Remember that. So the chat and chat history also has all these values whatever input output has come. Okay. But chart history is like a text blob that does not preserve the um data types of these variables. Okay. So that is the main reason I will create a agent state. How it is done? Uh I'll show you maybe once you see this in working this gets more clear and then uh I'm going to 
[48:10] classify the u sentiment and then I will store the so here what am I doing? I'm just storing the customer query. This is just to store the customer query. Okay, once I have stored the customer query uh that will be available to me as a variable. Okay, which I can pull in the previous agent that I had shown the customer's query was being pulled from the chat history. Now this will be pulled from the variable history. So 
[48:41] which is your set state. So the state has all the variables. So the first variable assignment which is happening or going to happen here is assigning a variable explicitly to store the customer query. Now that is what I'm going to access it here. Okay. So this agent is not going to access from the chat history. It will access the actual uh query from the state from the state. 
[49:12] Okay. So that is the main difference. And then output of this will be again saved in the agent state that is basically output of this will also be stored in some variable. And now I'm applying my router. As you can see if it is positive or neutral or else means negative. There are only two options. Okay. So if it is else means it is negative it goes to the human escalate agent and ends. And if it is positive or neutral then it goes for the query categorization. The moment the query 
[49:42] categorization has happened, billing, technical or general, I will again store that value in the agent state and now retrieve it from the agent state and do my routing. You can see the routing is happening and based on these three router one of these three agents will be triggered. One of these three agents will be triggered. Your billing, technical or the general agent and all these three agents are powered by your file search, your vector database. Okay, so that I will show you later. And then finally once the reply has been generated by these three agents it will 
[50:13] actually end the process. Okay if you want I can show you this in working end to end before we can uh start creating it. Okay maybe I can show you this um how this works. So I have just zoomed it out so that you can see the entire flow as the agent executes. Okay overall flow. So do you support onprem models? Okay, let's see what I get. So now you can see it has started. 
[50:44] Sentiment has been analyzed and it has gone to the general agent. It should have gone to the technical agent. This is strange but it was supposed to have gone to the technical agent because it may not have understood onrem models means what? But I was expecting it to go to the technical agent anyway but still I have got my answer and you can see this is supported from some JSON file which I'll show share it with you. Okay. So this is supported from the JSON file means this answer is supported from a 
[51:16] file search. Okay. So this neutral sentiment has been stored in the agent state and then the router happens entire. So this is the final output. Yes. Maybe I can ask another question. Um, what is your refund policy? Okay. So again it has gone to the general agent. Okay. And uh it is now searching. 
[51:48] Can you see here searched files? So the response is coming by searching the files. That is the important thing. So two relevant documents it has found which is giving you the answer. So 30-day money back guarantee is there for all our products and if you want to initiate the refunds please go ahead. So you can see 1 2 3 four documents were uh referred or four chunks were actually retrived which were able to augment that answer. Okay maybe one last 
[52:21] question. Um let's say what are your working hours? Okay, let's see. This is also a general query. I know it. But let's see what is the answer we get. So 9 to six. Okay. How to get how to get the past invoices? Now this time it has to go to the billing agent otherwise there is something wrong. Yes, it has gone to the 
[52:52] billing agent. Now you can see. Okay, so indeed it has gone to the billing agent and things are working. So login into your account, go to billing and then select the invoice and click download. Perfect. So my agent is working definitely. So this is the version that we want to create, right? Okay. So let's go back and uh modify the previous agent. Okay. Uh that should be already in the drafts. Uh this is the agent that we were creating. Okay. So 
[53:23] what I'll do is first I'll just delete these uh edges. I'll keep these agents but I'll just delete the edges for now. Okay. So I have these. Okay. So I have these agents. Okay. Ready. So I'll just zoom in. I zoom back. Okay. So questions let's see 
[53:56] is it possible to call this whole agent from a website for real business? Yes. And that is what the chatkit uh offers Mr. G. Okay. So chatkit uh once I deploy this I'll get a workflow ID for this entire agent. I'll get a workflow ID. All you have to do is just give that workflow ID to your web development team. It is not your job. it is their job to integrate. So there is a package called as chatkit. They will install that chatkit package using uh NodeJS. It's a npm package. So they the 
[54:27] webdev team knows. So it's a NodeJS package. They will install the chatkit package and all you have to do is just provide the workflow ID. So you are technical. You will design the agent. For each agent there is a workflow ID. Just provide that workflow ID and that's it. It is their headache to integrate the chat interface onto the website. So only customization is the prompt answer is no. You have to customize everything. Okay. A lot of things just uh don't infer too many things at one 
[55:00] go. Okay. But the only difference between these two agent is the prompt as of now. Yes. But in this whole agent we'll be actually configuring a lot of things. Uh in real life if this will be if else. Yes. that will also be if else in the real life. Okay. Uh I'll reproduce the same agent in langraph and there also you will see the if else condition. Lang graph also implements a router behind the scenes. Okay. So that router is also powered by if else behind the scenes. Okay. Uh you wanted to see the state. I 
[55:32] purposely did not do that because I want to create it up front. Okay. Um why is it going to general billing false? Okay. complex system uh incorrect state for analysis if yes uh okay we'll take that question later after login test shouldn't be agent pass invoice okay those are not really related right now so set state this is the button I have clicked bottom left and now I've got 
[56:04] this okay I'll just put this slightly okay I'll connect this set state to here. Now click on this and it is asking me to assign some values there. Okay. So you can set you can say it says clearly you can set some global variables right so what all variables you want to add h and then you can let's say this is the 
[56:34] workflow.input this is available to me. Let me show you once again. The moment I click the one which is already available to me is the click on this. Many times it doesn't work. So input and then press tab. That should work. Okay. Uh it still says okay. This is a bit tricky. Somehow you'll have to get it correct. Okay. Uh input or copy this completely sometimes. 
[57:07] Press tab also works. Input as text. That should work. Okay. Why is it saying? Okay. Okay. Yeah, I know. So, this is your input flow. This is your workflow. Sorry. This is your workflow. Yeah. So, make sure that this is blue. Make sure that this is blue. If it is not blue, it will show you an error. Okay. So if it is blue, 
[57:37] then we are good to go. So this is the value which stores the user query as of now. And if I want, I can create a new variable called as uh maybe uh I can call this as uh customer query maybe. Okay. So customer query and what is the data type? Let that be string for now. That's good enough. Okay. And default value leave 
[58:07] it. So now I've got a global variable for the customer query. Okay. We'll add more or right now also you can add more. So let's add one more but that will not work as of now. So let it be. So as of now your set state has got only one variable which is the customer cos sorry this is spelling wise 
[58:41] not correct. Uh this is very difficult to change. This is what I have seen. Okay. So okay let it be okay if you want to change it mean you'll have to completely refresh and I don't know what not or let me just delete this al together that will help you let's see if there was a spelling mistake sorry you see it's still there okay so anyway 
[59:12] I'll just take it don't worry so this is the uh variable uh which is a string format you can see fine now that output I I will give it to the sentiment classifier. And now only one change that I'll make here is one change that I'll make here is this is the sentiment and the customer query is here. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'll just paste this last part. This is the customer query. And how do I get this? So click on the add context. Can you see there is a add context. Okay. So click on that. This is the add context. 
[59:43] So basically what I have done here is I have pulled that variable from the state agent state and passed it to this agent for classification. That's it. Okay. So this is the additional line which I added just now. This prompt was already there. I just added that here is the query. Basically this is the query and this query was pulled from your agent state. So it says state dot customer query. Clear. And just click save. And this should work. That would work. I'm 100% sure. Okay. 
[1:00:14] Now output of this okay will have to be again in a proper structured format. Okay. Remember that the output of this has to be in a proper format. So for that what I'm going to do is what I'm going to do is uh go to tools sorry go to output and create JSON here and add schema. 
[1:00:47] So you can maybe type anything. Let's call it as query sentiment. Okay. So that is the name of the schema. Why this I'll show you later because this is the exact name we will be using in langraph in the next session. Okay. So this is the exact name of the uh JSON. But in principle you can have any name. It is just a name. um properties. Okay, I'll add one property 
[1:01:18] which is for the sentiment. Okay, so sentiment and this sentiment has to be uh in enumerated. So enumerated means one of the values. String means any value which is a string. Number is any number boolean is true false in means you have to select one of the three. You have to select one of the three. So I'll go to enum and then uh this you if you want you can add some description like uh this will store the uh sentiment of the 
[1:01:52] customer query whatever. Okay. And possible values just type positive comma. The moment you press comma it will become a block like this. neutral, neutral l neutral and negative. Okay, you can press space or comma. One of these two will work. Now, let me just go to the 
[1:02:23] oh sorry the langraph version of this which is the coded version we are going to create in the next session. Okay. Um here so reason to show you that is you will see a lot of similarities because that same concept has to go into the code. Okay, code cannot follow a different concept. So this is the same 
[1:02:54] customer agent that I'm building in a no code mode. Okay. So it is just the drag and drop convenience otherwise the logic is more or less the same. Okay. So user categorize sentiment and there is a router based on this you'll create three more agents. Okay. Which will uh you know take the uh which will uh access your knowledge base and from there it will give you the response. If the query is negative, sentiment is negative, it will escalate 
[1:03:25] to human. Right? So that is the overall thing which I have explained. So this notebook I'm not going to share it right now. We will do it later. But uh I'll just show you these are the states we are going to create there also. We'll create some states. So it's exactly so these are the state variables. Okay. Imagine that these are your state variables and output schema. So this is the output schema. This is also output schema and this is the final state. So my final state will have at least these three. So if you want you can actually 
[1:03:58] add it right away but we will do it one by one. Okay, don't worry. We'll do it one by one. So currently my state has my customer support state. This is this which state? This is the first state. Okay, I'll just update for now. This is the set state. So this guy has only one customer query as of now which is this one as a string. Okay, the other two three we will add later. So don't worry. Now these are my output schemas. Okay, so this is the output schema for which let me show you. So this sentiment query 
[1:04:29] sentiment is going to be used by my u agent. So this is the whole prompt. I just copy pasted that prompt and shared it with you in the chat. It is exactly the same prompt. I'm going to use it in my code as well. Okay. So don't think that these are going to be different. So same prompt I have already shared which is also going to be copy pasted. So if you see it is going to fetch the value from the customer query that is the support state. So it is pulling the customer query from the support state 
[1:05:00] and then feeding it to the prompt. That's exactly what my agent is also doing. It is feeding it is uh if you see here okay so this is the same prompt and this value is coming from the state. Okay. So this is exactly what it is here. And then uh I'm asking uh to do a uh you know LLM call. This is our LLM call. But the output of that LLM call is not a string. I have clearly mentioned that. Okay. LLM 
[1:05:33] with structured output. So that's exactly equivalent to doing this. That's exactly equivalent to doing this. So I am forcing the LLM output to be in a specific format in this case the JSON format and I'm providing the format of that JSON. And what is that format of the JSON? This is the query sentiment. So this is the format I'm forcing. Okay. So where is that format here? You can go up and check. So this is the format. Okay. In which you will have sorry this is the format in which you will have 
[1:06:05] sentiment as the key. Sentiment as the key. Now which is this sentiment here? If I just go back, this is the sentiment as the key. This is the sentiment as the key. And the value will be one of these three. The value will be one of these three. And how did I enforce that in the code? These are the three values. Literal. Literal means inum. That's the inum equivalent. So it has to be a value selected by the model. One of these three. So model will select one of these 
[1:06:36] three values. That's what you are instructing the model very clearly. Okay. So, assign a value to this key which will be one of these three values and this is the schema which I'm forcing the model to follow. That's what you are saying. I'm forcing the model to follow this structured output format. That is the schema that you have passed and then you are invoking with the entire prompt and you are retriving. So once this once this is you know obtained you can see your uh 
[1:07:07] model will return the sentiment value. Okay. So let's go back and do the same thing. I'll just hit update. So this part is clear. This is the name of my schema. This is the name of the key and these are the three possible values. I have added an optional description here. Fine. I can add more number of properties. Okay. So I'll update. So this is how you force the agent to have a structured output. So this is sufficient for now. Okay. And uh if you want you can end this and verify. 
[1:07:40] Okay. Let me go to uh agent mode here. I can verify this. So uh this is sentiment right? So what are your working hours? Let's see. So I get the sentiment as neutral and uh you can see output parsed sentiment value as neutral. So that is the JSONized response I'm getting. I'm not 
[1:08:11] getting it as a string. I'm getting it as a JSONized response here. Perfect. So this works as of now. Definitely that works. So this is what I wanted to see. I'll go back delete this if it's aside. And now the next thing that I want to have here is taskad. Okay. Um okay. 
[1:08:43] H so out of this uh output of this sorry can be saved in the state back. So I'm just clicking on the state again. I'm clicking on the state again. Okay. And I will have this state attached to this. Okay. So in this what I'm going to do is click the moment you click here this popup comes up. If everything is being done properly the moment I click here this pop-up comes 
[1:09:13] up. I'll just select the sentiment. I want to assign the sentiment. Okay. Okay. So, is this correct? No, it's still not correct. So, output is a bit tricky. Sometimes it works. 
[1:09:43] assign the value input dot output to a global variable. So now I can add a new variable here and that variable can be that output can be uh your new variable name and this new variable name how do I know what to put? So here it is returning query sentiment. Okay. Now this query sentiment can also be stored 
[1:10:14] in your global variable. So this is my global variable agent state. Okay. So my agent state can store the query category query sentiment. Okay. So I'll use this name. Okay. I'll use just this name. So here is the name. Okay. And default value I'll just save it. So let's see why is this red? Let me check. Query sentiment. Sentiment. Sentiment. 
[1:10:45] S E N T I M E N T. Right. This works. You can go to the advanced mode and verify. 
[1:11:15] Okay, this looks good. Huh, this is perfect. So earlier this was I don't know why this was red. Maybe I had not assigned. So fine, this is correct. So this is the value and I have assigned it to this. Fine and looks good. Now if I go to my agent state, this looks good. Fine. So this is a new variable that I have got here. Uh so now I can attach my router. 
[1:11:46] Okay, I can attach my router here. So router is attached here. So what to do in that router? So this is very important. So please focus here. So if it is positive this is the description okay not the actual value. So positive or neutral that is the case name the actual value is the condition here. So it is based on the query sentiment again. So this is what I want to actually select. Okay it might come 
[1:12:18] in one or two trials. Okay. So if the query sentiment is equal to okay so is so there is a double equal sign. Okay. So if it is equal to positive okay uh I'll just zoom or pipe this is a vertical pipe vertical pipe means or okay or state dot you can also select one of these so I'll again select the sentiment 
[1:12:49] didn't come let's yeah I got it and from here double equals okay or if it is neutral so make sure these are exactly the way you have set it in the JSON schema okay so I'm pulling the query sentiment from the state I could have actually pulled it from uh the output of the previous agent also okay so output of the previous agent is stored here 
[1:13:19] so if you go back let's say I'm trying to add an so output of the previous agent is stored here. So you can put your condition on the output of the previous agent or you can pull the values from the agent state. Now my agent state has got two global variables. Okay. Eventually it will have three. One is the query category also as I have mentioned. Okay. So right now my conditions are working on the agent state not on the previous agents output. But very uh easily you can also do it on the 
[1:13:51] output of the previous agent block also. So the previous agent blocks output is accessible here. This is the one which you want to use it. Okay. So now why is it uh red? What does it say? Expecting one of these parenthesis is not 
[1:14:46] Okay. According to me, this looks good. But why is it showing a problem? I don't understand. According to me, this looks good. Double quotes are also there. 
[1:15:17] Let's see and the else part here that we can else means what the negative okay so in the output here I'll create another agent okay now this agent will be wired to my now this is still showing 
[1:15:49] Okay, let's check if that is really a problem because if that is still a problem okay it will see so how do you see that go to the evaluate mode once again type any question okay What are your working hours? Let's see. 
[1:16:23] Workflow failed. Okay. Elgent query state neutral. Okay. I think I know the reason now. Probably that state is not present here. H. So what I'll do is here I have already set the state but most likely this state is not set up here. Uh that's the reason. So what I'll do is I'll just set up this agent state. So ideally all 
[1:16:53] these agent states should be you know set up in the very first state here. Okay. So for now this I will delete. Okay. This I will delete. This also I'll delete. I keep other things same. From here I'm going to add one query sentiment state and output variable. 
[1:17:49] H this is already there. Okay, if it is already there, we don't need to let me see this output. I think people are saying you know that you should remove the uh or you've got yeah in the f if else you've got two pipe at the end. Look, you've got pipe at the end. Oh. Oh, is that is the problem? Sorry. Thank you. Thank you. Silly 
[1:18:20] mistakes. Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Correct. That is the problem that those two pipes. Okay. Okay. Rest everything was okay. My bad. And we can verify this. Okay. Um working hours should work. So wherever you want to verify just you know map a end and uh if the workflow ends properly so I've got a neutral and if else also worked perfect. So this is working. I'll just go back 
[1:18:53] uh delete this edge keep the end here and here I will have one agent for query classification or we already have it right? So this agent I'll delete and wire this one here. H and here I will put one uh human escalate agent you can say kind of 
[1:19:23] so maybe you can put some moment as the agent. Okay. So answer the or you are a helpful chat assistant for an AI product company. 
[1:19:54] Try to resolve the customer. try to not resol respond customer very in polite professional tone that's it okay and if you want to pass the query what I'll do is uh again as usual I'll pull the query 
[1:20:25] from the context and this is my customer query safe. So that should work. And finally, this will end the workflow. So I'll just connect here. So this workflow ends here. Fine. Other side here I have my classifier. Double click. And only thing that remains here is the query. So I'm just going to add the query here from the context. I'll just select the customer query. So here is the query. That's it. That's the only change that I have done. 
[1:20:59] The other change that I will do is uh basically your uh output format. So can you select the output format back as JSON add a schema and again I will add some name. So I'll try to stick to this name query category. So this is my output schema name. Add a property. So I'll add a property. So this is the property name categorized topic. This is my categorized topic. And 
[1:21:29] what are the values? Technical, building and general. Okay. So I'll just copy this and property as enum. Again it has to select one of these three values. So general, technical and ble and update. So this stores the uh type of query. 
[1:21:59] Okay. Update. So now this looks good to me. Okay. The rest all the other things you can skip. What else remains again? So the output of this I will store it back to the agent state if you wanted or let's create an agent state. Output of this again gets updated to the agent state. So here again what we have is the categorized topic and that categorized 
[1:22:30] topic has to be saved as another variable name. book query u u e r y category right uh which is a string and save that's it okay so now this guy stores the query category also fine finally if you want you can uh wire up another end here and verify if this is 
[1:23:00] working till here okay Now the only thing that remains is the router part. Okay, let's verify if it is working till here. So how to retrieve first invoices. Let's see. 
[1:23:32] So something bad has happened. It has gone to escalation. It is not coming as sentiment is neutral. Okay. So this is one problem I face every time with the if else that unless the routing is proper it has gone to the else condition. It is not because of negative. It is 
[1:24:02] because of it is not able to read the sentiment as neutral. So let's verify this what is happening. Query state redo this. So query sentiment is equal to want to see 
[1:24:43] it doesn't work then we will go back to the output of the previous okay so that should work let's check this This is still not working. Okay, so fall back for now. This actually works. But uh again uh what we will do is 
[1:25:14] for simplicity. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm not able to see the output of the previous which is this query sentiment because we have set the state right. So that is not available directly. 
[1:26:11] has to be done this way only because I'm not getting the output state. Oh, that is a problem. I probably might have made some changes and deleted. You see, I know the problem now. So, this set state I'm assigning it to variable. 
[1:26:43] But you see what am I assigning that is clear. Okay. So, that is the problem. So here again output and send agent uh this is what you have to assign input do.output dotps sentiment. So that is basically the output of the previous agent which is this classifier agent. So that is the output you want to assign it to the query sentiment. So that output assignment was not happening properly. Now this should work. Okay. The moment I changed here. Okay. 
[1:27:14] This also got changed. So now from here uh state dot or I can also select it from here. See this is now available. Earlier this was not available because we had not saved the state properly in the previous case. So now I can actually put the condition on this or I can put the condition on this. Let's put the condition on the state as we were doing earlier. So just to see that it was positive 
[1:27:49] stage dot sentiment comparison and neutral. That's it. And uh from here nothing from here. Yeah. So let's do a final test. 
[1:28:20] Okay. So it indeed worked. Now you see it has gone to the positive or neutral side which was expected. Okay. So this is neutral. This is general and finally it has also set the state properly. Correct. This also has worked. No. So because we changed there this has also changed. Okay. So we have to assign the so see this is the problem you have to be very careful. So categorize topic. So if you change any of the previous states the future states 
[1:28:51] will go uh yeah so I changed the previous state and all the future states became a bit disaligned. So I have to change it back. So here again make sure that the categorized topic is set to the query category. That works now. So till here it all works. So I'll just delete this. Keep this end. Now I can have three more agents. 
[1:29:21] Okay. Um so here the one last if else. Let's connect this last. This will be the final router. Okay. So this router will be based on the query category. Okay. So this will be your what are the names that I'm going to provide. Let's say billing agent 
[1:29:52] that is based on the category. Okay. Equal to billing. Fine. Add Technical Agent that is the name you are providing that is again based on the query category equal to technical and then you can say general agent 
[1:30:23] based on the query category equal to general. Okay, fine. Or if you want to be on safer side, uh don't create a general agent. Okay. Uh wire the else to the general agent. So that also can be done. Fine. So I've got these three. I'll create three instances of the agents. Okay. So one for the billing agent, one for the technical agent, and 
[1:30:53] one for the general agent. So these are the three agents that I've got. I'll put the names here. We'll name support agent. This will be technical support agent. And this will be my general support agent. We'll take a break. Now after the break, we'll attach the rag system onto this because till here everything is 
[1:31:24] fine. Nothing is new. Okay. And the output of all these three agents will be ending. So basically here I can wire all these three. So basically any of these agents reply the entire workflow ends. Any of these three agent replies the workflow ends. That's what we are saying. And here now we are going to add tools. Okay. And this tool here will be a file search tool. So that we will take after a quick break. Okay. So for now uh let me see if there are questions. So this is what we have created just now. 
[1:31:57] So one learning is of course agent state is very powerful but if you change previous states make sure that all the future states are still working otherwise the workflow will break. So that is one catch. Okay. 
[1:32:29] Fine. I think no question is there. Why the else is not ending? Else is else. Which else? This else? Huh? So nothing can end on its own. Okay. So if you want to wire the L end also to this that can also be done. I mean in this case that can also be done. Okay. 
[1:32:59] So if it goes to the else directly end that can also be done. Okay. So you can export as a code. I'll show you or you can export this as a workfl. There are two options. Okay. So you can export this workflow as a workflow or you can export this as a code. Can you see there is a code. Okay. Agents SDK. So this is the entire code or you can export it as a workflow ID in agent kit. 
[1:33:34] Okay. Take a break for 10 minutes and uh we'll come 
[1:48:46] Uh okay. So we are back. Uh Venor is asking uh that future state not nullified. Maybe it can get broken. I mean that's what I have seen. bit tricky but we have to be sure just to check that is a problem with the visual workflows because everything is connected back to back code will not break if you change a previous code the future codes cannot get deleted on their 
[1:49:17] own but uh now these are the nuances of this platform uh there was one more question uh can I import into agent builder. Answer is no. You can export it as a code. You can run that code on uh any machine. Okay. You can copy this, open a collab and run this. That might work. Uh of course you'll 
[1:49:48] have to also change it to Python. Yeah. So this is how you would be doing it. So copy this. That should work in Python. But reproducing this entire workflow into your account is not possible. If that is what you are asking within the same organization, it is possible to give access uh to this account within the same organization. In that case, they will be able to access the agent that you are creating. But out of the organization or 
[1:50:19] altogether completely different OpenAI account will not work. So if you take the code short of the yeah that's going to work exactly this way. So there is no doubt on that. Okay. Okay. So finally then we are almost in the last part here. Let's finish. So I have got my billing support agent. Okay. 
[1:50:49] Let's start putting the prompts. So this is the billing support agent. Okay, this is for the and uh here I put the user customer 
[1:51:20] query. Save. Okay. For technical, this is the technical. So then we have the general 
[1:52:07] So one more thing if you just see let's take one of this. Okay, this has uh if you read the prompt, it says use the file search tool means we'll have to use external tools now to retrieve the internal policy documents to enrich your response and then based on that clear. So rest part of it is more or less similar. 
[1:52:37] Okay, the first part is the important. Okay. So, use the file search tool. So, where is that tool? So, here is the list of tools. Okay. And here is your file search. So, click on that file search. Uh you can attach it here. What I would normally suggest is don't do it this way. Okay. Uh go to your 
[1:53:08] go to your platform.opi.com. openi.com. Okay. And uh sorry, go to file search. File search and retrieval. File search. 
[1:53:38] Okay, this is the code if you want to use but we are looking for the 
[1:54:46] Is that gone? Learn more. 
[1:55:39] Vector store right semantic search vector stores file search tool back to the same all the files. Upload file. Upload file. Upload file. Yes. 
[1:56:23] Vector store. Create a vector store. There is a 
[1:57:26] Yeah, this is where from here we wanted to go into the agent builder calling this assistance storage. Please bookmark this. Okay. So, how did I get? Everyone leave whatever you are doing. Listen to me carefully. 
[1:57:56] First, go to your dashboard. Second, select the storage. Third, make sure you are in the same project in which you want to access your agent or connect your agent. So what we are going to do is we will upload this file. Which file? There is a JSON file which I'm going to share with you. Okay. There's a JSON file which is needed by this project. Okay. I'll share that JSON file 
[1:58:31] that has uh answers to these questions. I think this one L for I'm just sharing that on the chat. 
[1:59:02] Download this. Okay. So there is a file just show you. I'm opening this in uh Notepad++. You can see category is there. Category is there. Okay. And some questions and their answers are there. Okay. 
[1:59:33] So this is like a database of questions that I have received based on the previous question answers that has been chat you know asked on this platform. Okay. So normally any platform or website would already have this kind of a information. Okay. This is imagine your historical most frequently asked questions at least you can say. Okay. So I've got uh a list of most frequently asked questions and their respective answers. So question 
[2:00:05] answer as a text and then metadata whether it is a technical or a billing query. Okay. So this category we are not using in this project right now but this we will be using in our langraph project in the code part. Right now we are not going to use the category part. We are only going to search for this part. Fine. So that is what is happening. So I've shared that file. I'm going to upload that file. I think I've already done it but I'll just delete it or maybe I'll create another vector store. Okay. So first on the vector store side create 
[2:00:37] a vector store. Uh on the top right there is a create button. So create a new vector store. So let's call it as customer support. I'll call it as version two. Okay. So that is the vector store I have created. I've got a vector store ID that we are going to use. And now we will be uploading adding some files. Okay. So from here now add files. Upload 
[2:01:10] uh What was the name? Router. Okay. Router agent documents. You can add more number of documents. No doubt. Attach. There are advanced options. You can customize the chunk size, chunk overlap, all these things. If you want to you can decrease it. Let's say I'll decrease it to 300 and uh 
[2:01:42] chunk overlap to 50 or maybe 70 whatever number you want. Okay, that you can do. So 70 tokens as chunk overlap and 300 tokens as chunk size. Fine. Let's attach this invari URL used by something. Let's refresh. 
[2:02:20] Okay. So, I've got the file unexpected URL create an assistant. No, this we will not create. Just leave it. I think this will still work. It's probably because 
[2:02:51] no assistant was created. That's the reason I'm getting it. But that's okay. I think we are good till here. So create a vector store. Step number one. Okay. Create a vector store. This is the direct link to the vector stores page. If you're logged in, you should be able to get to that. And you can add multiple files to that vector store. Okay. It's like a vector database which is managed by OpenAI. You are uploading all the documents. They will do the chunking, splitting, embedding, everything, indexing, everything. Okay. 
[2:03:21] All the document search, retrieval will be handled by OpenAI. You just upload the documents. That's a managed vector database, managed service, managed track. That's it. I will just copy the vector store ID and come back to my agent builder. Okay, this is my agent builder. Now here in the billing support in the tools I will add file search and add existing vector store. So rather than uploading it here, I would upload 
[2:03:53] it externally. Create a vector store properly and then attach the existing vector store. So this is a better way. Okay, this is very neat and clean. Okay, so I'm just attaching my vector store which I created in the other tab. Okay, that's it. It is that simple. Same process I'll repeat for the other for technical support agent. Again I'm going to tools again going to file search going to uh attach existing custom support version two. Select. Go to the 
[2:04:26] general. Go to the tools. Go to file search. Go to attach. Go to select and select. That's it. That's it. I think this should be good. Okay. And we can verify this if it works. So maybe I'll take one or two questions from here only. Uh do you offer any discounts on annual subscription? Let's see. I'm just going to check. Okay. So this looks good as of now. Let's run this agent and see. 
[2:05:05] So it goes to billing. Do you offer any discounts? Yes, annual subscriptions are discounted. We offer 10% discount when you choose annual billing. Now is that correct? Yes, we offer 10% discount on annual billing subscription compared to monthly billing. You can select this option during checkout. Perfect. That makes sense. And you can select this annual during check out. Very good. So it works definitely. Okay. Maybe we can just if you want another example. Um you see what are your working hours? That is 
[2:05:36] how it was able to reply 9 to6. Do you provide training for your AI products? Let's check this question. So in principle this doesn't have to be in a JSONized format. This can be any PDF document. Only problem with a PDF document is parsing has to be proper, chunking, retrieval, all those things have to be proper. But yeah, in principle, this is how it would work. You can attach any other document. It should be able to answer. Okay. 
[2:06:11] So, looks good. You can see in this case it has gone to with state general and uh general if else end general support agent right fine so this works no doubt this works okay so uh what I'll do is just save this 
[2:06:42] rename So today's class is uh web 012026. Okay. Customer support agent. Customer support agent. Okay. Version one. And now I'll create a slightly different version of this in which I'll make it less complicated. So what I'm going to do is duplicate this 
[2:07:14] by a version two name. Okay. But before that before that let's publish it. So once you publish it it will go in the live mode. Okay. Then you'll get a workflow ID which you can use along with chatkit. Chatkit is nothing but a package. You'll have to install it using npm. Okay. In the front end. front end is like your your chat interface. So chatkit will create that chat interface automatically. You don't 
[2:07:44] have to hardcode that chat interface. Okay. And all you have to do is just provide the workflow ID. That's it. Okay, that's one uh thing. And you can add your domains where you want to install your chart kit. So that is also possible from here. Or if you want to replicate this entire workflow using Python code. So here is your Python code. Okay, you are providing the vector store ID. So you don't have to upload because you are directly referencing the vector store ID. It will still be able 
[2:08:15] to answer all the queries. Okay, exactly as it is. Fine. So that's it. So now let's duplicate this and I'll create a version two. And I'll make this workflow a bit uh smarter I would say. Okay. So right now it says copy off. So rename delete that copy off. Okay. Now this 
[2:08:45] looks good. Okay. Uh, how much does it cost to build a document classification agent? Zero. 
[2:09:15] Uh, what vector database it uses? OpenAI's proprietary vector database. If you want to use it on EC2, you'll have to use the open search vector database of AWS or if you want to use the same vector database that is also fine. So the choice is yours how you want to do it. Okay. So both the options are there. 
[2:09:45] So this version one was two. Okay. I think the file name itself is too long. 
[2:10:17] Can we use this in collab? That's the exact purpose shant. So answer is yes. That is the exact reason. It is exporting your Python code. Okay. Because there is no other way to export it as JSON uh as you normally would expect in any 10. This does not export this workflow as a JSON file. Okay. So the only way to replicate this in your environment in your account is that Python code. But you still will not be able to get this workflow 
[2:10:50] unless I add your account into my account and provide you that access to the same project. Okay, access has to be provided for the project. So first I have to both are signed within the same organization and then second step is I provide access to my project and then you will have access to this agent. So it goes in these three levels to share this workflow that is not possible provin that's exactly what I 
[2:11:21] was explaining okay so the only way to share this is repeated several times you share the workflow ID with your dev team which can be hosted anywhere or use the agent SDK share the Python code. They'll be able to replicate it but still cannot get this. This is noneditable. So don't think that if we copy paste the code here it will 
[2:11:52] generate the workflow. Workflow has to be generated. I mean manually only. There is no way we can export the workflow as of now. That's what I have not been able to. Yeah, these are additional environment variables. Okay. Right now it is directly using my openi API key. So there's nothing else needed. Okay. So what variation I will do in this uh maybe what we can do is can we combine the classifier agent and the 
[2:12:22] sentiment classifier agent together. Uh that can be done. So in that case this agent flow will become a bit shorter. Okay. So let's try doing that. I'll just delete this. Uh, okay. I have a prompt, a combined prompt. Hopefully, I can show you that. So, this is the combined prompt. Okay. 
[2:12:54] So, I'll share this document with you. Don't worry. So, this is the combined prompt. So, I'm just going to combine both the agents. Okay. So this is a single agent in which I'm going to combine both the parts. Delete context customer query. Uh oh that was already there. 
[2:13:30] Okay. So query 20 queries. Next. Fine. So, act as customer support agent trying your best to categorize the customer's query and sentiment. So, I'm going to combine both. Okay. So, you are an agent for AI products and hardware company. Please read and you have to reply in one of these three. And then again here same same what the technical queries mean 
[2:14:02] what the channel queries mean what the billing queries mean and then this is for the sentiment part so I'm combining both the parts so which means I'll also have to combine the schema okay so yeah so delete this just to avoid confusion And I'll simply say classification agenda. Okay. So this is clear. Now go to the schema 
[2:14:33] here. Add one more property and let's call it as uh you can say this as query classification and one more property as what uh category. Okay. Here also you can select enum and then from here you can select building uh technical and then general. Okay 
[2:15:05] update. So now I've got both in this JSON format. I have got both. Okay. So this and this. So let's see. So back to the agent state. Uh customer query will be added to the agent state. That part is good. And then you'll have to H. So here setting the states. Let's store this. So input sentiment. Okay. Input sentiment uh 
[2:15:38] will be stored in the sentiment. add input category will be added to category you see and those are the values I'm going to use later okay so just make sure this works so very yeah so my global variable already had that so this is still not going to change this is the escalation part this 
[2:16:09] is still going to be the same and now I can combine name now this is not needed again because I have already done that if else now output of this can be given to this okay so now if it is positive or neutral then I'm going to classify my uh sorry yeah classify the final uh response based on the 
[2:16:40] so let's see how this goes query state billing query state technical So rest all things remain the same. It's just that those two agent were combined and instead of having two different agents okay replying in two different steps I have that reply in the same step right and here is my agent detectively okay so that's the entire workflow now 
[2:17:12] this is much smaller and smarter Okay. Uh let's see if that works. So what are your working hours? So the only difference that I wanted to show is in the JSON format you can have multiple fields and once you have multiple fields rest all mapping and everything is still the same. Okay. So here is my 
[2:17:45] JSON file. So customer support agent prompts. Okay, I'll just share this prompts. Okay, you can download this set of prompts and that works very well. That works. Done. There is no error. It 
[2:18:17] works. In the version two, the main enhancement was the number of times I'm setting up the state was decreased and the same classifier agent. Now only catch here is if the classific see the single agent is doing two classifications. So your prompt has to be robust and it may happen that since the same agent is doing two types of persona one persona for billing technical in general other persona is for the sentiment. So it may 
[2:18:48] happen that either the sentiment might get confused one odd time or this might get confused one time. So that is the uh catch here. Okay, that is the catch here. So to to get rid of that I would suggest is increase the reasoning effort to medium or high. If you increase the reasoning effort then the chances that this will get confused will be much less. So that is a catch here. Okay. Because the same agent is doing two classifications back to back. Okay. In 
[2:19:19] the same prompt two classifications. So that is the main difference and that is the uh you know yes. So just in case uh I'm just also sharing this uh JSON. So if you now this good thing is this JSON here is editable. So in case you are not able to replicate this, you can just copy paste this. Okay, delete everything and copy paste this and you will still be able to get this. 
[2:19:50] Okay, so this is the good thing. Let me also share the schema for so this is the JSON schema for the structured output and uh from here also you can actually create this okay so let's see if there are any questions so basically instead of agents we are using prompt engineering agent is prompt engineering behind the scenes and context engineering agent has to be assigned task it has to be assigned role it has to be assigned instructions it has to be assigned and 
[2:20:21] the list of tools and that's exactly all the things in the prompts. Okay, everything. So context and the prompt and the brain and the tool these are the four things which are needed to make it as agent. So agent is a wrapper over these four things prompt lm context okay and your tools. So context will come from memory. So if you want to attach the fifth element that is your memory your persistent memory okay from the previous 
[2:20:52] conversations and all that if you want to attach context is the current conversation that we are having that is called as the context the current conversation and memory means the previous conversations anything okay so that you can attach as a memory okay so these five things wrapped is a a debugging can be done from your evaluation mode that's what I dugging from me. Uh this will be your evaluation but evaluation mode it will go only once you publish it. So once you publish this 
[2:21:24] uh draft to new version. Yes. So once it has been published the only way to debug this is your evaluate. Okay. So once you run this it will go in the evaluate mode already. Okay. So you can also check your state variables. Okay. So that's the best way and here if you go to more you have already checked on everything right continue on error so if the LLM or any 
[2:21:54] any place there is an error it will break so don't don't do this otherwise it will make debugging even more difficult write to conversation history so follow-up questions can be asked so the only way you can do the debugging is uh by asking questions and observing this outputs This is much more user friendly and if you want to see more technical evaluation then go to your so what are your working hours okay 
[2:22:27] if you want to get into more technical so you can see this is going into the general agent and the general agent has replied here so this is the workflow you have seen so it's perfectly working right this perfectly working so this is one way you can uh debug you can see the reasoning for each step whatever has been used or you can go to the evaluate and now you can see the traces okay so you can see the trace what went wrong or not okay 
[2:23:00] in this whole workflow we have to segregate LLM versus brain lm is the brain there is no versus I mean LLM is the brain could be a repeat question but once we create how do we share this with the team if the multiple access needs to be given so there is no way you can share this unless your team has access to your own open AAI account so in this case you'll have to change 
[2:23:30] your organization okay so your organization right now let's say is Prashant Sahu your team has to have be a part of this organization. Okay, your team has to be a part of this organization. So if you go to dashboard uh there is a way to check the think. Yeah. So overview uh go to your settings 
[2:24:03] and from there you can go to people and from there you can add more people to this account. So once you have added people to this account okay then for those people uh then go to this project and then two steps. First you have to go to this settings people settings. Okay. So this is for the people again and there will be again 
[2:24:33] projects people. So this is the people for the account and there is a people for this project also people and permissions. You can also give the invitations add member this and that assign groups roles. So please read the documentation that has nothing to do with the agents. So beyond this point I would suggest you to ask charge GPT for each of the steps. But what I have normally done to add people in my organization organization is since I have the root access 
[2:25:04] to my organization's open AI account I normally provide one or two people just more access not many so how do you give that access add as the member so you'll have to uh you know name your organization that has to be verified and then you have to send an invitation and once they have been once they of uh you know uh you can also assign roles as a owner or as a so right now I'm the account owner you can see this is the role account owner or you can also assign it as a administrator okay or a 
[2:25:36] reader so these are the three options basically so reader will have only readonly access will not be able to create projects or create tokens administrator will be able to do everything uh will not be able to make destructive changes okay and owner is anyway able It's like a super admin. Fine. So once you add people then you'll have to add those people to specific projects and those specific people can be given access to your uh agents that you have created. So they will be 
[2:26:06] actually able to see this visually whatever agent that we are creating only those people. For others you have to export it as a code. There is no other way. So you want to create agents with hugging face model. How can we do it? Uh Lang graph 
[2:26:37] or you do it by using COI or autogen. So these are the another frameworks or even lang. Let's go to lang chain. We already have half an hour. Okay. So all these other agents using other models can be done using these four other frameworks. So in this course we'll be doing lang chain today and then we'll do langraph next week. Uh two weeks we will take almost three to four sessions we'll 
[2:27:08] build seven to eight agents in langraph. Okay. all from basics till advanced agents and we'll take one session on CRU AI agents yeah multi-agent system using CUI so these are the three top three frameworks we can discuss okay Dun. 
[2:30:01] I will share the link. Uh okay there is one question by K3. You are going to cover this integrate into a UI. Yes but that is at the deployment 
[2:30:32] stage. Uh that probably will take in the third week deployment. Okay. So by that time we would have seen how to build around 8 10 agents. Okay, but without a UI. Every time we'll be interacting the with these agents using the Python code only in Google Collab. So Collab is what we'll be using to create these agents, right? UI part we'll see in the deployment 
[2:31:05] who deploys them for using the engineering team typically the engineering team. Okay, that's what exactly also happens in our organization. We don't have access to the dev server and the prod server. We only have access to a test server. So our main AWS account has got three different sub accounts. Okay. So all these things are tested in your um in a server which is given to the developers. From there it goes to the dev server 
[2:31:38] where we not we in fact the engineering team will orchestrate the same agent or whatever application you have created and watch it for a month or two see all the nuances errors everything and then it goes to the prod server where it is actually deployed on the website. Okay. So it goes in three stages. development goes in local then first deployment happens on a test server okay that deployment I will be doing it and 
[2:32:08] testing that okay if I just deploy it uh if that is working but again there I'm not concerned about the UI I'm only concerned about my code working in all the edge cases once I'm satisfied I'll give all that code base as a zip file or upload it to GitHub branch whatever ever it is to my engineering team. They will pull it and do the staging in a dev server. Okay. Using all the requirement 
[2:32:39] txt file this and that and they will watch it for another couple of months. Okay. Using all the edge cases. It's like internal deployment. So it's actually deployed only for internal use. External people cannot use it. Okay. So internally we have a lot of people who will do all the testing rigorously. All the problems they are you know given back to the uh engineering team. There is a ticket raised Jira ticket raised they will resolve anything and once everything is sorted there is no 
[2:33:11] production challenges happening. Then the application moves to the actual production server where it is actually deployed on the company's website which is visible or accessible to everyone. So that that is how typically it goes in real companies consult classification t would not really need perfect you're absolutely correct you can replace those with uh normal ML model also 
[2:33:44] or even b models yes don't even have to use b models because b model cannot be directly used they have to be fine-tuned so you can use normally a machine learning which has been trained on uh these tasks. Okay. So uh so if designing the system should we go straight with agentic flow as we have discussed today is there. So basically thing is if you want reasoning okay if the uh if the customer query is vague 
[2:34:15] then your ML model will struggle. If the query is vague, mispronounced, misspelled, okay, your ML model will not be able to handle those things. Simple, right? So, LLM, the only reason we are using LLM is its entire universe of knowledge, of the grammar, of the English, of the spellings, misspellings, possibilities and most important 
[2:34:46] reasoning. ML model cannot reason. But model cannot reason. Okay. So reasoning capability is something which really makes the agent capable. So decide that if your task is very straightforward, you don't expect any nuances, replace that with ML model, zero cost, no API. But if you think that the customer's query because it's the customerf facing agent you are you have created, right? The first agent is directly taking the query from the customer. So customer can 
[2:35:18] give any crap, any crap and your ML model will be you know wondering and pondering what do I do with that crap. So that is the problem. So combining the two agents will mean only one API call. Absolutely correct in that's the main takeaway of the second version. Absolutely correct. Right. So just make sure that your agent is uh having a robust prompt so that it can 
[2:35:48] you know quickly switch from one persona to another persona because one persona is doing query classification another persona is doing sentiment analysis. So your prompt has to be a bit robust enough otherwise if things are straightforward like this query classification sentiment no big deal for these kind of you know reasoning models no big deal. So 99.99% cases you can very safely assume that a single API call can actually do the job. So reason I did it in two steps is 
[2:36:19] first I wanted to make a simpler version of it and then wanted to show by combining how you can optimize your system. Number one that was the takeaway optimizing it for less number of API calls. Number two, you can ask the same agent to do multiple task. That was the second thing. And third, how do you change the output schema to have multiple output variables? And if that change is made, where all changes or what all changes you'll have to make in the agent state. Okay, so 
[2:36:50] that was the third takeaway from the second version. If my organization have their own LLM, will it follow the same steps? Your own LLM logically? Yes. But then u you'll have to orchestrate it using lang chain, langraph and so on. So I mean I don't know how do you bring your organization's LLM here. Let me repeat. 
[2:37:20] I don't know how will you bring your organization's LLM into OpenAI agent builder kit that is a specific word because your agent builder kit only supports OpenAI models also one can create two if else boxes back to back and there will be no issue. Yes, there is no issue. That's what I 
[2:37:51] did. Why should there be any issue? See, if everything is logically correct, it should be fine to the agent. Okay. Fine. So, lang chain I think everyone already knows because we have done enough number of prompt engineering examples from there. So, uh I'm directly moving on to the hands-on part here. Okay. So main thing that we are going to learn here is how do I create a simple agent which can call tools right simple 
[2:38:22] agent which can call tools. So that's what I'm calling it as a tool calling agents with lang chain. So what tool it could be weather search it could be uh web search it could be anything else calculator tool right we will be creating custom tools functions that's what I was telling you an hour ago I will be writing special functions and wrapping them as tools right okay so introduction welcome to this beginner friendly on autonomous agents 
[2:38:54] we'll explore agent take AI okay end of this tutorial you'll agent what AI agents can do. I mean these all we have been discussing langchain pre-built tools. So it's not act technically langchain pre-built tools but it is the some of the tools which langchain supports within it uh within its package out of the box like Wikipedia tool web search it supports directly okay they are not created directly by langchain they are being supported by lang that's the correct way to 
[2:39:24] interpret this and then if you want you can create your own tool from scratch that's what I said you will write down a function wrap it as a tool and provide that to the lm You'll be able to build agents that can make decisions and also take actions and combine multiple tools to solve complex problem. Limitations of the standard LLM you can see knowledge cutff cannot take actions. Llms is just thinking process give some input. It will think reason and give you some output. Okay. So knowledge cutff is there. That's the reason we needed the rag system. It cannot actually execute actions. It 
[2:39:56] cannot fetch weather for you. So it cannot fetch the web search results for you unless it has access to those tools right they can write code but they cannot execute the code okay and they are still prone to hallucinations so that is where we are talking about agent AI they can access real-time data by using web search Wikipedia search they can perform calculations that's what we are going to create a calculator tool and attach and then they will actually execute the 
[2:40:26] calculator tool exec executing the web search tool, executing the Wikipedia tool and then finally automous decision making is happening via reasoning. Anyway, so LLM will act as a brain and tools will be the hands. So that's what so these are the three big uh tools that we are going to take in this calculator, web search and uh API. 
[2:40:57] Okay. So the loop what is this react? So basically it's a loop of reasoning and action. So what does it mean? The user query will go to the I think there is a diagram. Okay. Yeah itself. Okay. So user is asking whether what is the weather in Mumbai. Now the agent which is basically your LLM will take that query and then uh it will go in the reasoning step or thinking step. So I need to check the current weather data and for that it 
[2:41:29] will actually find that okay now I have access to weather API. So once it has been able to find that it has access to weather API it will call the weather API tool and the query will be Mumbai because it was able to you know extract that Mumbai is the name of the city out of this statement it was able to know that Mumbai is the name of the city for which the user is asking the weather. So the input is populated 
[2:42:00] the tool is executed. This is the output returned by the tool execution. Now observation means the output returned by the tool execution is given back to the LLM for observation. That boss here is the output of the tool execution. You can observe it and see if this is sufficient to answer the user query. If this is sufficient then answer the user query. So that is a loop. Basically if the output of the tool execution is not sufficient it may want to use another 
[2:42:31] tool or it may want to call the same tool with a different query. So that is the reason the looping starts. Okay. So the output of this goes back to the LLM for reasoning that do I have all the information? If yes then it will respond to the user and the conversation is ended. If not then can I use another tool to search for the remaining information or the relevant information or should I use the same tool with a different query. So all that reasoning 
[2:43:02] will start if the output coming from the tool execution is not sufficient and that's why we are talking about the loop reasoning and action. Some of the use cases are there like customer support. Uh we have just now seen agent which can authenticate the user looks up for specific order status in the SQL database. So let's say I logged in into some e-commerce platform and simply I'm asking what is the status of my order number 1 2 3 4. Now it will see that okay I've got 
[2:43:33] access to a SQL database orders database that is orders DB and then it will fetch the you know relevant information and if I'm asking for a refund return whatever it can it will be able to process that financial search personal concage and data analysis you can just read through I think this is all quite self-explanatory okay you will need your openi keys and uh let's start working on this. 
[2:44:10] So three things that we'll be installing. One is the lang chain that is the main framework for accessing all the models, chains, memory. Okay. Uh all the agent core comes from your lang chain. Okay. OpenAI this is your wrapper for openi langchain wrapper. And um this is langin community that will be a collection of community tools uh for extended functionality like uh vector data database or chunking um splitters document loaders. So many 
[2:44:44] will be coming from here. Okay. So let's see if this works. So we are also installing Wikipedia mark uh mark it down and rich. So this is to access 
[2:45:15] Wikipedia. This is to convert the web content into markdown format and this is another tool to print the JSON format in a nice format. Okay. So this is also done. API keys again please go to these three websites and get your API keys. I have already got them. So I have already added this tely API key weather API key. So Tei is here. Okay, let me run this. 
[2:45:48] Yeah, grant access. So Tele and weather API key. I already have them. So just going to ask me one by one. So these are the links. So you do it later. Okay. Okay. You can see table API key, weather API key and opening. So these are the three keys that are needed for this hands-on. Okay. So tools we have seen. I don't need to repeat this. Okay. Uh now 
[2:46:19] we are going to use a Wikipedia tool in which we'll give some query. that query will be searched into Wikipedia and pages Wikipedia pages will be retrieved. Simple. So these are the three steps. You will provide the search query that tool will search the Wikipedia and it will you know retrieve the relevant article summaries. Okay. So how many results you want to retrieve that you can customize it here. Okay. And document content 
[2:46:49] characters max. So for each article which has been retraded by Wikipedia tool. Okay. So we have said that I'll retra the top three based on a user query. For each article I'm setting a limit of 300 sorry 8 8,000 characters per article. That prevents overwhelming the LLM uh with too much text and context and also lowers your token count. Okay. So that's the thing. 
[2:47:20] Uh now let's configure the tool. So here this is the wrapper coming from your lang community tools okay on Wikipedia. So here you have configured your wrapper and now you are going to run that wrapper. Okay. So provide the API wrapper and lxml is the format or the parser used for better HTML parsing. So you don't need to change any of these except you might need to change the number of articles from three to five if you want more number of articles to be retrieved or if you want you can change this number maybe 8,000 to 10,000 15,000 
[2:47:52] if you want the complete article. So these are the only things you need to change. You don't need to change this. We have figured out that these things work the hard way and uh yeah this works. Now let's check this. So I'm just printing uh this tool here works tool description. So basically this is a tool description which will be used to uh so where did we set that tool description. 
[2:48:24] So this tool description automatically comes when you import that tool. Okay. A wrapper around Wikipedia useful when you So this this has not been set anywhere explicitly. You can see. Okay. So, tool name and the tool description was automatically populated by the wrapper. Remember that. So, this Wikipedia tool is a wrapper coming from Wikipedia tool uh sorry query run. Okay. So, this is automatically populated. Okay. The tool name Wikipedia and the description this is automatically coming. This has been 
[2:48:54] hardcoded you can say. Okay. So, let's see if this is working. Okay. So, tool description. Yeah, this we have seen. So what all arguments this tool expects? So it needs uh the query uh type as a string and that is the title. So this is the uh query it needs. Okay, you can see the query the value of the query which is nothing but the title of the web page. 
[2:49:25] Okay, that you want to query as a string. So this is the only this is the only input the tool needs. That is the only input the tool needs. Okay. So searching for articles on ISRO. Okay. Now you can see this is just for formatting. Okay. So I'm invoking the Wikipedia tool directly. Right now there is no agent or LLM. I'm just checking if my tool is directly working. directly 
[2:49:55] working without the agent without the LLM. That's what we are doing. So, searching for ISRO as the keyword and this is the page on Isra that I got retrieved. This is the page on Gaganyan. This is a page on chairperson of ISRO. So, top three pages and the first 8,000 characters is what I have got. Perfect. So, I think my Wikipedia tool works. Okay. You can make another uh search here. I'm searching for make in India. So 
[2:50:27] one page is directly there with the name as make in India. Second is India and third is okay. So customizing the Wikipedia tool. Um here uh let's say if you remember I had said the name this tool name and description this tool name and description was automatically populated. this tool name and description was automatically populated because that is hardcoded. If you want 
[2:50:57] to change those then you use the tool class. That's what we are doing here. Okay. So you import the generic tool class. Okay. I'm creating the importing the generic tool class and then I'm creating a tool called as Wikipedia. This is the name that I'm providing. This is the description I'm providing. So here I am creating the tool. Earlier we had directly imported the tool. You see that is the basic difference. There was a pre-existing tool that we used and now here I'm creating the tooling on my own. 
[2:51:28] Okay. And then this is the function to call basically wiki. So I don't have to recreate the entire function I'm just saying that whenever this tool is being called called as custom wiki tool you just execute that wrapper. Okay. So this way I can have a wrapper over another wrapper. So the first wrapper is this wiki API wrapper. This is a wrapper over Wikipedia tool. Langchain wrapper for Wikipedia tool. Let me repeat the third 
[2:51:58] time. This is the langen wrapper over Wikipedia tool. And now I'm wrapping that wrapper by using the tool class and calling that as custom wiki tool. So this custom wiki tool is a wrapper over the existing wiki wrapper. This time when I'm wrapping it, I'm changing the name and the tool description. So what is happening? The name gets overwritten and the description also gets overwritten. The functionality is still the same. That's why I have said don't change the functionality. It's just the name and 
[2:52:29] description. I'll be changing from my side. So now when you execute this, you'll get the custom names and uh argument is the tool input in this case. Okay? And that will be a type of string. So let's test this. Yeah. So again, generative AI was the tool input. So generative AI, generative AI intelligence, AI boom. So these are the 
[2:53:00] results that I have got and then tely search. Okay. So along with Wikipedia, there is a normal web search also. Normal web search. Okay. So, Telei is a web search tool like for example this there are a lot of web search tools okay uh which are optimized for LLMs. So for example, DuckDuck Go also has a tool. Google has a tool. There are serp tools. 
[2:53:32] SERP that is search engine results page. Serper tools are also available. Now Tele is not a serer tool. It will not give you the search engine page. So what is a serpenter tool? If you just search for let's say cloudbot which is so this page that you see here from here this is called as the SER page. SEP search engine results page. This is your search engine results page. So a tool which retrieves this kind of a page is called as a serper tool that is also doing a search and the objective of the 
[2:54:04] serper tool is to retrive these pages uh this this page. But the actual web search tool will go one way inside one level down. So it not only acts as a serer tool but also will click on this link. It will actually click on this link and read this content of the entire web page, summarize that content of the entire web page and then return it to you. And that is what Tavly does. There is another one which is being used by 
[2:54:35] cloud bot. Uh the cloudbots internal uh default web search engine is Brave API. Brave API search. So you can also check for this Brave API. Brave search API. So this is a competitor to tei you can say both are doing the same thing enterpriseg grade web search API accessing 35 billion uh indexed pages specialized endpoints to train model same thing is what table is doing okay so they will not only search but also 
[2:55:07] retrive the contents of that page summarize it and make it useful for the agents so you can customize whether you want the raw content you want the summarized content or you want the actual content in a markdown format because each HTML page will also have headings, subheadings, paragraph and topics. Right? So you can customize these tools how you want to retrive or in what format you want to retrive the outputs. Okay? 
[2:55:37] So this is what Telei is search engine optimized specifically for LLMs and RAG. And unlike other regular search engines, Telei will return a clean structured result, provide more relevant context, provide a full page content, not just snippets, but also offer advanced search options. So again, that is their business model. And you pay per search. So how many searches you want to make? So for example, Brave API will give you 2,000 searches per month for free. If you go to the uh 
[2:56:12] pricing page, okay, you can see it will give you 2,000 searches per month for free. And for $3, this will give you 20 million searches per month. Okay, so how do I know these numbers? Because I've been very recently working with this clotboard thing. Okay. So, Wikipedia for general knowledge facts, historical facts, especially for historical facts, general knowledge. Okay. Not current events. For current events, I would use 
[2:56:43] Tavi realtime information, right? So if you want to search for budget now I don't think there would be a dedicated Wikipedia budget for union budget for uh today which was you know unveiled or you know discussed in uh in the parliament today that was tabled on the parliament today but definitely the te search would retrieve that information hopefully. Okay. So how do I do this? Again 
[2:57:15] you are using the TV search results which is again a wrapper over your table API behind the scenes. How many results you want to retrieve search result advanced or basic. Okay. So both the modes are there. And then if you want to include the raw content. So raw content will be your raw HTML format. Okay. Which may not always be very helpful but that option is there with you. So this is my table tool. Now I can see the description. So this is your 
[2:57:46] built-in description and name. Okay, the name and the description is built in. Okay, so search engine this is was not hardcoded. You can wrap it with your own custom tool if you want. So let's test it. Now I'm searching for model context protocol. Okay. 
[2:58:59] So this will be interesting. Ignore this. Okay. So I've got some articles, Times of India, this and that. Okay. Now you can just check all these five six results are already there. Yeah. So total budget live updates and 92% relevance we have lot of details there 
[2:59:31] fine so you have the title URL content score and drop everything is there you just have to you know follow it closely so you can see uh we have the URL and then Uh okay, let me just do one of the results. So yeah, you have the title, you have the URL. Can you see? And then you have the content. This is your summarized LLM summarized content. And then you have the score and then the actual raw 
[3:00:03] content because you said that I want a raw content also. These are the five things available to you. Okay. So yeah, I think we are good till here. Uh we are already time off. So I'll stop here. Maybe this is let me see if there are questions. We'll continue and finish this in the next session. Uh the first thing that we'll do is create custom tools and then we'll attach those custom tools with the actual agents. Okay. And then we will run those agents with 
[3:00:35] those custom tools. Let me see there are questions. Now what are the benefits of using custom tools? These additional customization like the tool name test description I don't see much benefit but these two can be done but if you're comfortable creating your own tools that means you can really customize. If you are just wrapping an existing tool, not much benefit. But that tool class is 
[3:01:08] meant for creating custom tools from scratch. Okay, not wrapping another pre-existing tool. There there is hardly any benefit. The only benefit as I say is changing the name and the description. The functionalities cannot be changed. Now what are the use cases when you will use te with rag? You can actually do that. So when a user is asking questions uh this answer of to the questions can be so think about uh system rack system 
[3:01:41] that you are creating for maybe a high school student. Okay. So you have attached all these school curriculum books and then the student is asking questions. Now if the question can be answered by the curriculum it will take out all the relevant chunks and answer. But if the question is being answered 
[3:02:12] sorry asked about anything out of the curriculum then you have two options either you explicitly mention it to the LLM in the prompt itself that don't answer any question if it is not relevant or in that case the agentic rag can kick in and say that okay if no results were found for example in from the curriculum no results were found so let's say the kid is asking about what is quantum computing I don't think any high school curriculum will as of now have quantum 
[3:02:43] computing in their syllabus. Fine. So now there are two options. You can bluntly say that boss quantum quantum computing is out of your curriculum. Forget about it. Don't bother. Next question. So that is one blunt way of handling that scenario. Other way is mentioning that quantum computing is not there in your syllabus because I could not find it in your syllabus. How did it not find in your syllabus? because the retri documents were all empty or irrelevant or the relevant score was very small. 
[3:03:14] Okay. So then the model knows that whatever the required retrive documents are they are still useless. So model knows as of now that the retrived documents are useless. So now it will check for tools that it has in its kitty. Okay. So if that model has web search tool available then it will trigger before replying it to the end user it will trigger the web search tool. Okay. So I did not retrive the 
[3:03:47] quantum computing in the curriculum. So now I'll do a web search. That is the reasoning it will do. It will retrieve the information from the web search and then it will reply to the student. So student is going to get the answer either way either from the curriculum if the question is from the curriculum or if it is out of the curriculum the LLM will make a web search and answer it. So you can execute it the way you want. So this is like enriching the curriculum answers with the web search that can 
[3:04:19] also be done. The third mode. Okay. So one is a strict mode, one is the web search mode. Okay. In this case uh there are no relevant. And the third is enrichment mode. Enrichment mode means the curriculum has very limited information let's say. Okay. And the student is asking very deep level of question. So with the limited information the LLM may not have you know all the right context to answer. So now the LLM has two choices. whether it answers from 
[3:04:50] its own knowledge that is the pre-trained knowledge which is also in enrich mode and or it will use the web search. So that can also be done. So that's like a true agentic rag now. Okay. So you'll have to implement routers for each of these for each of these conditions. So some of these conditions will be there in the prompt. Some of these conditions you'll have to implement externally. You'll have to implement two different agent. One agent will answer only strictly as per the curriculum. Other 
[3:05:21] will have access to the tools. Okay. So don't have one agent with the tools all the time because that will only get confused. Okay. So implement a router properly based on whether the retrived results has enough information or not. Okay. Let an agent check whether it has information or not. Output of that agent will be a binary yes or no. If that agent says that I have all the information I can answer it then go ahead and answer it. Okay. If not then it triggers another agent which has 
[3:05:52] access to the tool call. So that way it can be done. So in OpenAI you showed we can do web search. Yes, that can also be done. So there is a web search option also available. So there again you'll have to uh you know yes you have to attach your API keys and 
[3:06:24] those Thanks. So I'm just looking into the web search tool of your uh agent builder. Okay. layer you can provide some restrictions uh whether you can narrow it down to so 
[3:06:57] you can see this is much more straightforward without much hassles you can actually customize it okay so there is a tools here plus you can add more tools web search so you can narrow it down to further uh particular websites if you want or subdomains and then you can also also narrow it down to specific countries, regions, cities, time zones and the context. So 
[3:07:27] these things can be done. Okay. So this is very straightforward. I mean this is using all the information behind the scenes. Okay. Okay, I'll take one last question. We can use lead enrichment and lead validation using te within company or 
[3:07:57] sales assistant helping sales representative to prepare for call. Yes. Yes. All that can be done. Fine. So we will meet in the next session. Okay. All the best. Thank you. And I hope you can uh reproduce all these steps uh by following the recordings. Cost of building agent again I have mentioned it 
[3:08:29] is zero. Cost is for running the agent not the building the agent at least the way I have done it here. In fact even if you are building agent using lang graph crew these are all open source tools. So cost of building is zero unless you test it unless you run it. Running cost is your API cost.
